/s It's OP's home, they need stand firm and not treat it as some "gotcha" prank war.
if it wasn't for her family's unwillingness to help we wouldn't be dealing with this much disturbance at home.
Upvote  Downvote Share Share More replies  more replies JaxandMia • y ago Plus sharing makeup is so unsanitary.
I think cousins owe her at least a new makeup pallet.
She got mad I was implying we kick them out and said her family'll hate me for this.
You are the only one sticking up for Zoey.
They need to start behaving like appreciative guests.Lol, return underwear with stains?
That goes on my face, I don’t want someone else also using it on theirs.
He accused me of being overprotective and babying Zoey with this level of enablement.
Olivia & Sloane have no respect for Zoey's privacy, none.
so I reminded her that I let Sammy and his family move in which's something her OWN family refused to do so she should start with shaming/blaming them for not taking their own son and nieces/granddaughters in.
I told him this's between me and my wife but she shamed me for putting a lock on Zoey's door for her cousins to see and preventing them from "spending time" with her saying I was supposed to treat them like daughters, then demanded I remove it but I said this lock does not get removed til her brother and his daughters are out of our house.
My brother in-law (Sammy) lost his home shortly after his divorce  months ago.
EDIT: Save yourself the time and effort.
I turned off notifications.Ya'll need to grow up and stop hurting each other.
I have tried going NC with my parents several times but was not supported in that by my then partner (there's a pattern there...) Now I just don't really discuss important things in my life with them anymore, keep contact to a minimum, mostly about the children who do like their grandparents, and patiently await the moment I will receive my inheritance which will help me financially to finally have some freedom.
Sammy and his daughters saw the lock and weren't happy, the girls were extremely upset.
Upvote .K Downvote Share Share More replies chris-joy • y ago He called Zoey defective for buying and using expensive makeup, so she would look more like an adult.
I’m disgusted that her own mother isn’t more supportive.
I told my wife and she said she'd ask Sloane to apologize but I got Zoey a lock after I found she was moving valuable belongings out the house because of this incidence!!!
Borrowing implies that they asked permission from Zoey before using her stuff.
That would only further his guests entitlement and shitty parenting decisions.
I doubt that would prompt more issues to form.
Man, I'd never mess with you.
He knows damn good and well that's not what his kids are doing.
I was , sister was .
Zoey complained a lot and I've already asked the girls to respect Zoey's privacy and stop taking things.
Even though it's not affecting me, it's making Zoey feel like she did something wrong by having a lock for her room.
My mom's reaction to my tearful pleas to stop my sister?
He said "my daughters aren't thieves!!!
My wife is not agreeing with the whole concept of getting a lock for Zoey.
Makeup, phone accessories, clothes, school laptop etc.
They love to borrow and use each other’s stuff.
Everyone's been giving me and Zoey silent treatment and my wife is very much upset over this.
Now her cousine are upset and they and Sammy are using the silent treatment (among other things like eating without us or not sitting with us) as a guilt tactic.
And OP is being generous if they are taking stuff and not giving it back because he could have easily of called the cops on the adult twins and say they were stealing from his minor daughter.
His sister (my wife) and I have one daughter (Zoey ) and she and her cousins aren't close but get along fine.
Bonus if OP goes into Sammy's room to borrow things without asking.
I honestly feel like the makeup, while seemingly not as 'big' or 'expenisve' as the other things was just the straw that broke the camel's back.
But my wife still thought Zoey was wrong to do that.
Then his child steals this makeup.
Especially regarding privacy issues.
The sheer lack of respect she has for the well being of her own child is shocking and completely unacceptable.
She considers privacy something very important but still thought that Zoey did not have the right to get a lock - Even if we leave her cousins out of this matter.
NTA Upvote  Downvote Share Share  more replies  more replies u/OnlyInQuebec avatar OnlyInQuebec OP • y ago • Edited y ago You know I probably shouldn't be saying this but my wife has been acting like a hypocrite latey.
Not to mention your wife backing up her brother after the hurtful comments.
Upvote  Downvote Share Share More replies TheCrankyRunner • y ago Exactly.
If her cousins want to use expensive makeup, give them your wife's.
Returning it with visible wear and tear.
OP needs to throw them all out of the house yesterday, his AH wife included.
I swear, this sub has some real petty kids pretending to give advice.
Nutella would be my friend for his favorite pants.
OP is definitely NTA.
No way in h*ll am I messing with their makeup without permission.
Underwear, an expensive watch or something.
Im a twin too but I dont go stealing my twins shit (unless its snacks but thats a mutual thing lol).
I explained to her what's been happenning, Even told her that Zoey has been moving some of her valuable belongings into a friend's house to keep them safe, do I blame her?
Please lend some mothers makeup to the twins, because obviously it’s what girls do, isn’t it?
😂 Upvote  Downvote Share Share More replies MissLadyLlamaDrama • y ago Also, what the hell is Sammy's problem that he can even try to pretend that what his daughters are doing is "borrowing".
Sammy asked about it and I straight up told him.
Not to mention other shit storms that could cause.
Your the only one she has!
Upvote .K Downvote Share Share TheoryAddict • y ago Certified Proctologist  Honestly those two girls were taking extremely expensive stuff to begin eith (a school laptop?) And OP didn't call them theives but if the glove fits...
I have friends that I'm so close to, we will go to each other's gyno appointments to give support if need be.
OP, if they never returned the items they took you could ask for reimbursment or start charging them rent if they arent paying rent already.
