Ashish, with Illia, designed and implemented the first Transformer models and has been crucially involved in every aspect of this work.
The first is a multi-head self-attention mechanism, and the second is a simple, position Figure : The Transformer - model architecture.
Llion also experimented with novel model variants, was responsible for our initial codebase, and efficient inference and visualizations.
Similar to the encoder, we employ residual connections around each of the sub-layers, followed by layer normalization.
Introduction Recurrent neural networks, long short-term memory  and gated recurrent  neural networks in particular, have been firmly established as state of the art approaches in sequence modeling and transduction problems such as language modeling and machine translation .
The Transformer follows this overall architecture using stacked self-attention and point-wise, fully connected layers for both the encoder and decoder, shown in the left and right halves of Figure , respectively.
Here, the encoder maps an input sequence of symbol representations (x, ..., xn) to a sequence of continuous representations z = (z, ..., zn).
Decoder: The decoder is also composed of a stack of N =  identical layers.
Self-attention, sometimes called intra-attention is an attention mechanism relating different positions of a single sequence in order to compute a representation of the sequence.
On the WMT  English-to-French translation task, our model establishes a new single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of .
Aligning the positions to steps in computation time, they generate a sequence of hidden states ht, as a function of the previous hidden state ht− and the input for position t.
st Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS ), Long Beach, CA, USA.
wise fully connected feed-forward network.
The Transformer allows for significantly more parallelization and can reach a new state of the art in translation quality after being trained for as little as twelve hours on eight P GPUs.
In the following sections, we will describe the Transformer, motivate self-attention and discuss its advantages over models such as  and .
Self-attention has been used successfully in a variety of tasks including reading comprehension, abstractive summarization, textual entailment and learning task-independent sentence representations .
This masking, combined with fact that the output embeddings are offset by one position, ensures that the predictions for position i can depend only on the known outputs at positions less than i.
The best performing models also connect the encoder and decoder through an attention mechanism.
In these models, the number of operations required to relate signals from two arbitrary input or output positions grows in the distance between positions, linearly for ConvSS and logarithmically for ByteNet.
To facilitate these residual connections, all sub-layers in the model, as well as the embedding layers, produce outputs of dimension dmodel = .
Background The goal of reducing sequential computation also forms the foundation of the Extended Neural GPU , ByteNet  and ConvSS , all of which use convolutional neural networks as basic building block, computing hidden representations in parallel for all input and output positions.
The fundamental constraint of sequential computation, however, remains.
That is, the output of each sub-layer is LayerNorm(x + Sublayer(x)), where Sublayer(x) is the function implemented by the sub-layer itself.
This makes it more difficult to learn dependencies between distant positions .
We also modify the self-attention sub-layer in the decoder stack to prevent positions from attending to subsequent positions.
BLEU on the WMT  Englishto-German translation task, improving over the existing best results, including ensembles, by over  BLEU.
after training for .
Noam proposed scaled dot-product attention, multi-head attention and the parameter-free position representation and became the other person involved in nearly every detail.
End-to-end memory networks are based on a recurrent attention mechanism instead of sequencealigned recurrence and have been shown to perform well on simple-language question answering and language modeling tasks .
†Work performed while at Google Brain.
Lukasz and Aidan spent countless long days designing various parts of and implementing tensortensor, replacing our earlier codebase, greatly improving results and massively accelerating our research.
In all but a few cases , however, such attention mechanisms are used in conjunction with a recurrent network.
Numerous efforts have since continued to push the boundaries of recurrent language models and encoder-decoder architectures .
Given z, the decoder then generates an output sequence (y, ..., ym) of symbols one element at a time.
Listing order is random.
We propose a new simple network architecture, the Transformer, based solely on attention mechanisms, dispensing with recurrence and convolutions entirely.
Model Architecture Most competitive neural sequence transduction models have an encoder-decoder structure .
Encoder and Decoder Stacks Encoder: The encoder is composed of a stack of N =  identical layers.
Attention An attention function can be described as mapping a query and a set of key-value pairs to an output, where the query, keys, values, and output are all vectors.
Jakob proposed replacing RNNs with self-attention and started the effort to evaluate this idea.
In addition to the two sub-layers in each encoder layer, the decoder inserts a third sub-layer, which performs multi-head attention over the output of the encoder stack.
Our model achieves .
