Troll post Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share blueg • h ago What?
The other interesting factor is a reduction in trust.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/demosthenesss avatar demosthenesss • h ago Senior Software Engineer If we're being honest with ourselves, having a group of people co-located together is going to move faster and more efficiently in quick decision making, organic brainstorming, getting people unblocked, etc etc etc + this is the real underlying reason in most cases.
Which is ironic because everyone is all "design the high availability so that the thing still works even if most of it goes sideways!" Well they don't want you to be resilient and highly fault tolerant in terms of the job market -- they want you to stay in your box, take your % annual merit increase if you're lucky enough to get that, and if you don't like it they want you to be scared of having to "start over" some place else after the hassle of interviewing, changing roles, maybe moving somewhere, all of that.
And I honestly wish them luck, but I just don’t think everyone is suited for that job, contrary to what people selling courses will tell you.
There are a good number of people who make it their social life - especially if they're older and have kids and just want to get tf out of the house during the day.
The milliseconds definitely come into play, but more so for HFT Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Mcluckin • h ago And their mates insider trading with them Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/redj_acc avatar redj_acc • h ago Exotic instruments?
Just say that the remote experiment failed.
They all say, "Back in my day…" Some companies had invested in physical office spaces by signing -, - or even -year contracts pre-COVID, or even outright buying properties pre-COVID.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share AchillesDev • h ago Sr.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Ok-Entertainer- • h ago I did not understand OP's post to mean a company-wide email Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/__ avatar __ • h ago That's fair.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies a_reply_to_a_post • h ago because it gives employees options and in business you don't want to give anyone an advantage or some alpha shit like that Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share SpeakCodeToMe • h ago See: depending on your employer for healthcare and business resistance to universal healthcare in the US.
Now they cut almost all office space, it's down to  offices and  desks, from  offices and  desks with  boardrooms.
If you’re under  and can afford to spend a couple years getting a degree, do it.
I'm pretty surprised to be honest and did not expect it, especially considering I joined as a junior several years ago completely self taught (then later went on to get my degree as the company paid for it).
It really just seems like a power move.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply  more replies rbuenoj • h ago This post smell fake Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/keyboardcreature avatar keyboardcreature • h ago Unqualified Senior Engineer Things like this are very hush hush and would be kept to HR.
Did you do it again the next few months?
They didn't want to go in when it was for other companies but now it's theirs they want tight control and to form it exactly how they want.
Started out at a (no-leetcode-needed) startup though.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share MurlockHolmes • h ago The Guy Who Keeps Bringing Up Category Theory You can go back and finish part time if it really matters to you, right?
There might be tons of people you never interact with at all because they're in a slightly different team or department, but if you worked in the office you might meet on the regular, chat about different things, learn from each other, make friends, etc.
Yo I'm making  at senior w a degree and  YoE.
enough people that it's not wrong to consider it an announcement.
So it’s still kind of self taught if you do code.
If your IT job is “take this requirement, code it”, that is probably less important than if you’re interacting with a customer base daily and designing enterprise-level systems.
I think a lot of engineers too want the model where someone splits work into multi-day isolated work chunks they can do without interacting with others.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/fried_green_baloney avatar fried_green_baloney • h ago Software Engineer a trap and a fool’s errand Old Wall Street saying, "everyone's a genius in a rising market".
And they have been phenomenal.
Companies can be as picky as they want right now, the market is flooded with experienced laid off devs.
I wouldn't really think twice about this at the end of the day.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply u/MarcableFluke avatar MarcableFluke • h ago Senior Firmware Engineer completely self taught Username does not check out.
If they don't feel strongly, they will choose the seemingly less risky option.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/jhkoenig avatar jhkoenig • h ago This requirement is becoming quite common.
And yeah, it’s slightly easier for someone to skate by doing nothing at home for longer.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Jaegernaut- • h ago • Edited h ago Most employment contracts and agreements stipulate a "moonlighting" clause that prohibits you from having another full time role at the same time.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Hawk avatar Hawk • h ago Already is where I work.
Use a fraction of that spend to fly people out quarterly to bond and work together.
I've met plenty of very mediocre software engineers with degrees.
More people who ramped up remote were fired or quit within the first year compared to pre COVID hires.
And yeah not much you can do about .
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/DroughtFloodFamine avatar DroughtFloodFamine • h ago If you work for a company .
These benefits are less true at much larger companies as to whether you're in the office or not with your immediate team.
It wasn’t impossible back when I was in the office but it’s even easier now As a senior engineer have no problems I’m pretty much self-guided.
No, you're not going to beat the spread on a laptop at home.
All of these metrics track with my personal experience when WFH started.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies jakl • h ago Yeah it’s not about exceptions, but mitigating risks.
The positions can get more competitive since they get more applications from people across the country instead of just people willing to relocate or already in the area.
I get the feeling OP is a CS grad who can't land a job and figures there's no harm in discouraging the competition.
Electricity, water, office supplies, internet, office furniture, etc.
Corporations in general are misguided completely on productivity now a days.
That and if you're C level you're probably invested in assets which would include some aspect of commercial property.
With the amount of time it would take to go back and finish (likely having to redo many classes at this point), I could instead complete dozens of projects for clients worth over $k in aggregate (note that includes funds I pay to my employees).
This then makes it very easy for me to move on without a problem.
It's very very hard to onboard new employees, especially new grads, remotely.
I don't know what to make of it.
Here's a doc that has every step you need to complete.
Junior engineers should have the ability and comfort to ask for help or advice.
Judging by the username and posting history, I'd guess that it is.
However unoccupied you can cut costs everywhere.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share florimagori • h ago Software Engineer I am not gonna dispute the validity of this particular post, but I worked in a company that did that around .
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/theediblearrangement avatar theediblearrangement • h ago it's fucking hilarious how warren buffet is one of the richest people in the world (and sometimes the richest), yet there are armies of people telling him he's wrong.
Instead of getting your work done early then working on a side grind, you now get to sit at a desk for  hours in a noisy open office plan.
There are plenty of people with degrees looking for jobs right now, so it makes way more sense to hire the low-risk average-reward option.
The lack of a degree shut some doors on me at some points early in my career.
I join some of my meetings with cameras on and have gotten to know a few members of my team very well and we have a good time.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply AxiomaticSuppository • h ago They can’t monitor you They can monitor your activity on a company laptop.
But… they have to do what is going to give them the best chances of a good enough hire given limited time/resources.
We have a relationship with the professors from those and know they don’t inflate grades or give out recommendations like candy.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies  more replies u/no-soy-imaginativo avatar no-soy-imaginativo • h ago It's weird, because my BS in Math definitely helped me get my first coding job (which was at a large company) and was seen as a plus.
Nancy Pelosi’s husband isn’t even daytrading either, he’s doing “Leaps” long term option calls.
I was actually doing this at other jobs while in the office.
Like then want to tell you that they own you and that you'll do whatever they tell you to do.
We're a big tech company, fully remote, starting pay for juniors is around ~k USD.
A jr has a question and you're in the office?
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/AlarmedMarionberry avatar AlarmedMarionberry • h ago If they can't tell if you're being productive from your output alone then they're doing something wrong honestly.
All it would bring is more time spent talking about random stuff.
Sure Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply  more replies KevinCarbonara • h ago We're a big tech company, fully remote, starting pay for juniors is around ~k USD.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies garnett • h ago Software Engineer Yes they are if they are in a VHCOL area and in the right company.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Ok-Replacement avatar Ok-Replacement • h ago You made me remember when I started my PhD and was forced to go from Python to Fortran.
I appreciate your anecdotal experience.
In other words stop daytrading and just invest instead.
You need a very very strong remote culture to be able to do that without too many problems.
They bought that real estate and they are given incentives from the state for bringing many people to contribute in the local economies by shopping and buying real estate etc.
Coding for work and meetings is mentally consuming enough so I just use WFH for other aspects of my life and make small side income or at least save money on food lol Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply u/BATMAN_UTILITY_BELT avatar BATMAN_UTILITY_BELT • h ago How can states even track that?
They can command much higher filters in this kind of market tbh.
😭😭😭 I got a master's in cryptography, but that isn't good enough?
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Ok_Reality avatar Ok_Reality • h ago Because stakeholders are invested in real estate Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share joa • h ago Feel like people always leave this tidbit out.
It's less fun for them if it's remote.
And the same goes for people I've onboarded.
Daytrading is not worth it, unless you’re a high frequency trading hedge fund, or you’re a quant with a successful algorithm to automatically place and sell trades, however even as an algo-trader your trades are still not as fast enough to compete with the speeds of hedge funds.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies noK • h ago I'm self taught and looking to join a new company, don't even have a resume written yet but my first software (wrote it from scratch, and maintain - backend and frontend) has been live for  years now with over k paying subscribers.
It's not because the founder had an unviable business model.
I like my colleagues a lot, but I honestly have no clue what their lives are like and it feels too rude to even ask.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies  more replies u/Effective_Hope_ avatar Effective_Hope_ • h ago Looking for internship Barriers to entry restrict or loosen to control the flow of labor so it's not surprising.
There are certain natural collaborations that happen from being in the same room and having a coffee break together, or looking over at what your neighbor is doing, and those kinds of interactions don't really happen organically over most remote work setups.
In the office or not I think rewarding teams with bonuses/recognition for meeting milestones and good collaboration goes further than being in the office or not.
(I interviewed several people with no CS-related degrees at Google.) Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/__ avatar __ • h ago Airbnb, Dropbox, Pinterest, Instacart, Shopify, Square None of these companies would send this kind of email to everyone.
Maybe  in  employees would be productive and efficient enough to do both jobs to their fullest potential, the rest take from the goose and give to the gander.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Ok-Replacement avatar Ok-Replacement • h ago I also feel like in most cases the whole process can take a while.
You need to get vetted somewhere.
It's seen as an unnecessary risk.
Name and shame anonymously.
I've worked at companies previously where shit wouldn't get done until you actually showed up at their goddamn desk and said "hey do this for me".
This makes them forcefully removing you about your decision not to come into office.
Then they don't want to admit their investment backfired, so they pretend that WFH is going against "company culture." Some jobs actually need to be in-person, and I say this as a permanent remote employee.
The interview is then for finding the best within that group.
The barrier is, quite often, the new person is afraid to ask via chat, but less-so in person.
Being able to tell Company A well hey fuck you, and I'll be fine because I already have B and C on the "payroll" so to speak, is ideal for the worker but very not ideal for the employer.
I promptly answer all requests and I’m very available but it’s not the same as being in the office because it’s not the same as spending basically  hours together.
Of course there are trade offs, but this sub loves to act like there's no benefit to working in the office other than objectively negative reasons like micromanaging.
The friction to ask questions is also much higher because I can’t just pop my head over a cubicle, conversations take longer to resolve, verbal discussion requires zoom meetings, etc.
The company might have expensive real estate that isn't being utilized.
The key is to somehow bypass this lineup of trash.
Even today many years later running my own business, my value in some peoples’ minds (many of my clients have advanced degrees) is diminished when they find I don’t have a degree.
I know a ton of EE grads at my job doing software.
But sure, maybe they told HR and then leadership and OP's director or VP gave some candid talk to his org.
Constructive Dismissal - The real gambit.
No, you're not going to beat the spread on a laptop at home.
I’ve seen this point so much but it never makes sense.
Even where you got your degree can decrease the variance(some are more theoretical, some more focused on software development etc).
Plus this filter was something that was automated and didn't require us to talk spend very much time on a candidate until we could determine that were a serious candidate.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/haveacorona avatar haveacorona • h ago First red flag for me.
Specifically universities we trust.
The top tier new grads are just on another playing field.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies Dry-Magician • h ago I mean, yeah… outliers.
It has created more of an “us vs them” culture where other people are just boxes on a screen.
Like my company claims to save energy in so much of bullshit ways and mandated us to come to the office thrice a week else non-compliance drama can fire the employee.
Everyone wants a job in big tech, but I guess I'll have to wait until I'm mid-level to apply.
I am far from those OCD code polish devs but what I've seen from them is crazy.
During the pandemic, they made it fully remote and hired people all around the world.
which is knowing how rates or sums of change really work.
I wrote a lot of code in school and during my side jobs, so i don't find myself struggling as a developer.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Rascalpt • h ago I can see all the managers in here claiming people slack off etc… but that happens in the office too the only difference is they just sit there all day because they’ll be disciplined if they take too long for lunch or show up too late too early.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Khandakerex • h ago Yes that's what interviews are for but companies dont want to interview that many people and will always take the path of least resistance, they need arbitrary restrictions of barrier to entry.
I don't even know how that'd work.
The crappy things is that you have a lot of people hoping to get in because they know how to write an if-statement or a really basic script.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share doktorhladnjak • h ago This is a great list of real reasons that don’t boil down to the usual conspiracy theories about RTO.
I doubt you’ll have much trouble if you apply a lot.
Used to day trade but the profits were just shit.
I am not exactly self-taught, but I haven’t finished IT degree per se (different engineering, my Uni programme was heavy on programming tho).
You can get coding done if you're organized enough.
just went down youtube rabbit hole ty for sharing Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply  more reply JonathanL • h ago You're up against the kind of people who spend millions to physically move closer to the exchange to shave some fraction of a millisecond on trade execution.
The prerequisite was OOP in Java.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Deweydc avatar Deweydc • h ago Dude what?
If you have a  week project to build something which largely doesn't need/impact/interact with others?
It took me a few days to realise that Fortran doesn't distinguish between lower and upper case!
Then you have problems, your internet sucks that day, your mic is not working, you're using linux and the screen sharing on Teams is giving you problems.
But they’re much more easily able to call you into an impromptu project status meeting when you’re right around the corner (though of course they can ping you or tag you in a status document).
I’m friendly with my coworkers, but not in the same way as I was in the past, when I was in the office.
Several startups I interviewed with seem to want people to be local even if working remotely because when in a pinch they just want to get a wework space and hash things out.
As much as people love to talk about how they are just as productive at home, it's a different type of productivity.
I have to move across the country to work in an office so I can participate in “our company culture” while half our team works from other locations, not to mention entire new teams are being stood up in India.
They don't know how to hire for remote.
If you have failed to deliver, you can make it seem to investors things will improve if you return to office.
Also, companies don't want you to have options like that.
Having a degree shows you had the perseverance to complete the degree, and that you at least have some basic knowledge.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share PhysiologyIsPhun • h ago EX - Meta IC Maybe for juniors but I've been remote for the past  years and never had any issues ramping up.
Don't do fake posts like that, with your lame "ok" responses when people expose you as a liar.
How can states even verify?
I worked at a global remote type company previously.
I like the option to have to be in office now and then and get to know your colleagues well enough.
A lot of my teammates aren't reachable on teams.
But that makes it a legitimate tradeoff with real upsides and downsides for both policies.
Not impossible, but it adds a degree of difficulty.
It's not that self taught couldn't be good, it was that it was easier finding someone equally good and passionate with a CS degree if you were offering competitive compensation.
If you were responsible for a  year renewal on an office that nobody uses, it's not a great look to your investors.
You get easier mentorship and collaboration, stronger team bonding, being able to know for sure that someone is available to ask a question or out for the day, etc.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Nailcannon avatar Nailcannon • h ago Senior Consultant The problem here is the distribution of skill and scalability.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Ok-Entertainer- • h ago A big company has to communicate a policy change like this to a lot of people to be effective - hiring managers, HR, dedicated recruiters, you might tell ICs who conduct interviews as a courtesy...
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Machinedgoodness avatar Machinedgoodness • h ago The biggest reason is truly tax incentives.
Slack channels go out to the whole goddamn company and it becomes super hard to be yourself.
I don't doubt it happens, but feels like an overblown fear if that's really what employers are worried about.
Anecdotally the only business owners I know irl don't have college degrees, one doesn't even have a high school degree, so if it were me personally I wouldn't bother regardless of what anyone with an advanced degree might think.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/raptor avatar raptor • h ago The biggest pull of WFH for companies is you can get the absolute best of the best candidates.
You have to keep the org healthy and happy, and that isn't just engineers, even in a tech startup.
But y'know, fuck em.
Those people for sure have the brain to code but it’s still considered self taught I guess.
Economics - Two sides to this.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies Howfuckingsad • h ago Interesting take.
I have a better pulse on what my in-office people are working on vs my international offices.
Any company that wants to "monitor" you more than that probably isn't worth working for.
The real issue here isn't about credentials, its the fact that companies are overwhelmed with applicants and most of them are shit (they lie, they scam, they get overwmployed, they don't care about the company just about collecting that paycheck).
Like why would the whole company know about the HR policy.
Working remote is like doing the opposite- you don't interact unless you've specifically scheduled or called someone.
It doesn't matter if you're more efficient than your coworkers, because companies realized this and they want to get their moneys worth.
Fidelity did a study where the best preforming portfolios were done by customers who traded little to none.
Since most big tech companies rely on a steady stream of juniors to get trained up to replace senior attrition, it wasn't sustainable without a complete rethink of fundamental corporate HR practices.
I don't work more because of it, I also don't do better work.
Anyone else experienced this?
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply Amazingawesomator • h ago Software Engineer in Test all but the VC option listed above sounds like one person unsure of themselves with a power trip :/.
Resumes and degrees quite literally exist as filters to maximize candidate quality while minimizing time spent interviewing.
People don’t know others on different teams.
many juniors start with a lot of money, especially in big tech..
Our investors and board keep pushing for it to go away.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/dallindooks avatar dallindooks • h ago A lot of middle managers would have nothing to do without being able to call meetings and interact in person with people.
People were able to apply for jobs before WFH, it’s not that hard.
The point is that the quality variance of qualified vs that of self taught is more reliable.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Grouchy-Friend • h ago Incapable managers.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share TheDutchGamer • h ago I don’t really agree.
Not something as arbitrary as a degree requirement.
And while companies can read your communications, they’re not actively sitting and going through them unless there’s a flag up.
I'm productive working from home, and I know plenty of people who were/are, but I had this one (very young) coworker who would leave without telling people, miss meetings, and go run errands.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/username_ avatar username_ • h ago Software Engineer You're up against the kind of people who spend millions to physically move closer to the exchange to shave some fraction of a millisecond on trade execution.
Obviously there are different advantages to working remotely as well, like no commute, a broader talent pool, more flexibility etc.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/xobfuscation avatar xobfuscation • h ago I dropped out my senior year to work, and never finished.
Our fail rate for interview loops is way up.
I’ve worked in DoD my entire career and never have an issue with that, though work can be mixed so you can still WFH in many DoD positions.
For example, if your company has physical tech in the office (namely servers) and you are partly responsible for maintaining it, then you really do need to be there.
Your goal in moving the company forward is really mitigating and reducing as many risks as possible.
If we're being honest with ourselves, having a group of people co-located together is going to move faster and more efficiently in quick decision making, organic brainstorming, getting people unblocked, etc etc etc It forces everyone to be focused and in sync.
That's the secret sauce.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/TRBigStick avatar TRBigStick • h ago DevOps Engineer The variance of self-taught developers is just too high compared to the variance of CS/CE graduates.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/rusty-fruit avatar rusty-fruit • h ago I think number  is usually the main culprit.
Having the additional domain expertise can even be an advantage.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply  more reply  more replies daddyaries • h ago Big tech company, fully remote, juniors starting @$k, and yall were hiring self taught ppl for this position?
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/Hot-Independent- avatar Hot-Independent- • h ago Literally the solution to this is quarterly off-sites with the team.
One I would add is that other departments (sales, marketing) will often prefer to be in office together.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply u/Apprehensive_Sir_ avatar Apprehensive_Sir_ • h ago I agree this is a problem but it's solved by measuring performance by work output.
I also have a suspicion that businesses can't get out of leases or loans for these properties.
While there really is a lot of people that thrive and are productive in a WFH setting, there are absolutely people that DO NOT.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/xdeskfuckit avatar xdeskfuckit • h ago Yeah idk I took as many CS courses as I could without majoring in the subject.
First they/you won't see the message for  hours.
The people in office always make such a big deal when the other person who's working from home doesn't immediately reply or answer a surprise video call.
Or version control that's not Google drive.
Also often companies I was with we would have lunches or team outings to further build a bond and trust I try to joke around w colleagues and get to know them at a personal level but we don’t have the same comfort as if we were in person which I’m ok with but I could see others having problems Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/reaprofsouls avatar reaprofsouls • h ago My fiance is a therapist and she wishes she could refuse to provide teletherapy..
I’m in my s and likely past the halfway point of my career.
I ended up having to work at all hours just to coordinate with people and it messed my mental health and family life to such an extent that I had to quit.
times out of  they don’t actually give a fuck about climate change… i mean that’s the whole reason climate change is even a thing Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply u/qqqqqx avatar qqqqqx • h ago • Edited h ago Lots of companies do want people to work remotely, so they can hire more cheaply and have a larger pool of candidates, and more easily let people go with minimal drama.
You can see the whole desktop via Huddles and it is so much easier than standing over someone’s desk and disturbing everyone around.
I never bought a house in the country like a lot of my friends because of it, since the initial data pretty much meant that you had to have a mostly senior workforce with below industry attrition to be coming out ahead with WFH.
I know several people who started daytrading, one in the dot com boom, two in the pre- bull market, and when the market tanked they both stopped making money even though "daytrading works in any market".
But, I started buying and holding shares.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies cMeeber • h ago Not all of them do.
But this would be extremely strange behavior at big tech.
ML Engineer $k fully remote for new grads (assuming they can work anywhere in the United States) is solid.
Many of these apply to bigger companies too.
Warren Buffet didn’t get rich off daytrading.
It's nice when talent is local.
So lets say you have a light and a heavy particle, name their massss m and M, obviously.
Other kinds of jobs are quite dependent on interpersonal connections, and it's hard to nurture those unless there's an office culture.
He can visually judge if your too busy or not, if you're not he can just pop by, if you are, he can wait until you go get coffee of something.
and don't want to get in the way of that.
Shit since WFH I’ve been able to day trade.
I was blocked a lot because people weren't in the same timezone as I was and weren't online the same hours I was.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share nuclear_knucklehead • h ago Things like applied mathematics and various fields of physics and engineering confer just as much professional competence as an entry level CS degree.
These tend to happen a lot less in remote cultures, as there are less opportunities for this to happen organically when everyone is working in their silos.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/definitelynotlazy avatar definitelynotlazy • h ago th point is what breaks the camel's back the moment we started relying on VCs to create businesses is the moment we dragged ourselves down to a newer low Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share jmking • h ago • Edited h ago Tech Lead, + YOE Why would investors insist on it?
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies lednakashim • h ago Lower management seem to love WFH because they can work from home and retain top talent.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share AchillesDev • h ago Sr.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/bminusmusic avatar bminusmusic • h ago I was a Philosophy major and (pure) math minor.
If they could hire someone to code for them on the cheap, they probably would Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share metxff • h ago Hah, I've worked with many mathematicians and physicists and this is what I never got.
That gives us a first order filter.
I got insanely lucky with a sink-or-swim opportunity many years ago and most people would've sunk.
But being the first company to hire that self-taught person is a massive risk.
That kind of affects everyone with investments of some sort.
Sure in an ideal world with unlimited resources and time, you could assess everybody well.
Granted, there's legit cons (time commitment, varying roi, access, etc.) tied to a  year degree.
with lots of EEs, physicists, mathematicians and me and my other CS colleague often felt like janitors.
You're the chum and your brokerage is serving you up as a snack.
Instead of reducing headcount directly and incurring a lot of layoff costs through severance, companies figured out that they could just give you an ultimatum by removing WFH as a benefit.
It's not legally binding or anything, unless you're like a surgeon or a nuclear reactor tech maybe, or a pilot, etc.
In fact, I feel I ramp up faster when I'm remote because I don't have a bunch of people I don't know coming up and trying to chat with me when I'm trying to get through some onboarding work.
That needs to be fixed.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/misogrumpy avatar misogrumpy • h ago This is a math PhD who has literally never tried understand the first thing about software development.
On a different tangent, I've noticed a tendency of remote people messaging me off-hours.
Especially if they put in your contract you are responsible for having your own internet and etc.
Every FAANG company pays over $k in the US and there are probably at least  other tech companies that do.
just wait for -% of your engineers to quit.
It's really hard to have a company culture while fully remote.
There’s some articles about this: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/--/tax-breaks-threaten-work-from-home-as-ceo-s-get-return-to-office-incentives#:~:text=Cities%and%states%grant%billions,%C%done%primarily%on%Dsite.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share kamikazewave • h ago A lot of people touched on the established reasons (control, real estate, taxes etc).
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/RespectablePapaya avatar RespectablePapaya • h ago This has long been predicted to happen during the next pull-back in hiring.
Doesn't make sense for non client facing roles Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/faketrayson avatar faketrayson • h ago Something not talked about are the tax breaks large companies receive from these cities for bringing head count to stimulate the economy in said city.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/Feonious_Monk avatar Feonious_Monk • h ago I remember when I started seeing minimum requirement of bachelor’s degree for secretary/front desk.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies  more replies u/completeidiot avatar completeidiot • h ago It feels kinda suspicious to me to.
I % get why some companies are hesitant to hire self taught Developers and filter out non-degreed applicants for Junior positions.
And you're still responsible for your work.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/fsk avatar fsk • h ago The one thing I'm surprised is they aren't accepting STEM software-adjacent degrees (Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.).
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share MrDrSirWalrusBacon • h ago Graduate Student I had a guy in my data struct and algorithms class who didn't know how to print in Java.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies CobblinSquatters • h ago starting pay for juniors is around ~k USD.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/uncleXjemima avatar uncleXjemima • h ago Low risk average reward is how I often describe myself on first dates Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Obmanuti • h ago Software Engineer That's what interviews are for.
ML Engineer | US |  YoE I'm glad I haven't had one of these in several jobs.
Most messages are either super curated or the informal channels become dominated by the noisiest few people.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Ielaarig avatar Ielaarig • h ago i’m a  new grad who has been making k since august and am about to go back to Amazon for k, do I not exist?
They recognize the jobs to be doable fully remotely, but they want to be able to have in-person events and some kind of office culture happening so they can have new grads connect and be groomed, and be able to scale up in-person stuff when there is a necessity instead of that being off the table.
It weeded out all the people who watched one or two YouTube videos or people who wrote a simple "hello world" application over a weekend to people who actually learned the concepts they needed for the job.
This just sounds fake.
It’s especially true with junior hires.
Only people who passed the test would move on to be considered for interviews.
We’re talking big bucks here, especially in cities like SF, NY, and Seattle.
Retail brokerages are often selling your trade information or doing other nasty stuff that basically guarantees every trade you make is rigged against you.
If I'm not on call, don't message me at ten at night or one in the morning.
And we're hiring way less.
That’s a very believable comp.
And then everyone clapped.
They literally don't understand younger generations.
We can't interview everyone who lands a resume at our table, not even close.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply  more reply doktorhladnjak • h ago They saw this where I work too.
But people do it.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share SilentGuyInTheCorner • h ago Can agree to that.
They just buy and hold longterm.
Leadership has to justify why it isn't being utilized.
I could definitely see some of them, missing out on the mentorship part of the workplace Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/multiple avatar multiple • h ago I feel like this is just a WFH culture issue as much as it would be in an office though.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/termd avatar termd • h ago Software Engineer If you set aside the "they hate us" kind of responses, there is  big one.
If you get your job done and hide the fact that you still have a productive drive that's "money" you're "taking away" from them.
And they're certainly not going to give this much info about the change to ICs, According to upper management, it's because the volume of self-taught applicants is too high (a few thousand per posting) and the quality of self-taught applicants is too low.
How they filter applicants changes a lot and they're not going to announce every change to everyone.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Ok-Entertainer- • h ago k is a pretty believable Big Tech TC for new grads though?
In an occupied or unoccupied building costs the same to them.
They said, the company announced Friday that it would no longer be hiring self-taught applicants I guess it could have been at something like a company wide all hands meeting.
IT recruiting is kind of failing because of its own success if that makes sense.
they are like custom deals for securities Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/redj_acc avatar redj_acc • h ago sounds cool.
However, the sad truth is that most statistics seem to indicate that overall performance decreases.
It's extremely noticeable how much worse the covid hires are compared to how my peer group was at the same level of experience.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply cs-grad-person-man OP • h ago Op is in the comments using alts Plot twist: you are one of my alt accounts Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies  more replies SuhDudeGoBlue • h ago Sr.
Upvote .K Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/klowny avatar klowny • h ago L We were given that directive well before the pandemic when bootcamps started popping off.
So they can be choosy.
They have expensive subscriptions to platforms like Bloomberg, extensive networks in relevant companies and industries, and access to exotic instruments for advanced trading strategies.
There’s a whole subreddit for this.
Upvote  Downvote  comments Share Share Sort by: Best Add a comment Ok_Fee • h ago They can’t monitor you They have leases on real estate They don’t want you to apply for other jobs Upvote .K Downvote Reply reply Share Share DielsAlderRxn • h ago Getting rid of WFH makes me want to apply for other jobs tho Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Machinedgoodness avatar Machinedgoodness • h ago • Edited h ago No they mean multiple jobs.
States give it to the big companies: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/--/tax-breaks-threaten-work-from-home-as-ceo-s-get-return-to-office-incentives#:~:text=Cities%and%states%grant%billions,%C%done%primarily%on%Dsite.
But that doesn’t sound very active and manly to me.
People will be moved around to be colocated within the same cities eventually.
E cheaper, less cleaning and heating Needed Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/BossDingus avatar BossDingus • h ago A lease is for a fixed term and a consistent cost.
side note: read the intelligent investor if you're interested in investing Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Admirral avatar Admirral • h ago You aren't wrong, but I love how you focus on just a single aspect of his comment.
We use Slack and just jump into a huddle and do pair programming.
Never mind where you own a building like Apple with their $ billion investment that they'll never ever get back.
After few months, I earned more in few months than I could in a year with day trading.
When you give people freedom to choose their working conditions you get more buy in and some people will sometimes be encouraged to come into the office to meet with their colleagues.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply nyokarose • h ago Truthfully, it is more difficult to create a “team” culture virtually.
Back then I named variables as their physical counterpart.
Let them estimate deadlines (with some buffer) to get something done and hold them accountable.
Just apply and move on if they don't send back.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share EarthquakeBass • h ago () is really true, a lot of founders basically make the company their entire social life.
You have a million and one risks to worry about.
There’s no getting around #, but lots of companies try to say normal in person meetings are required when half the people are remote.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Alive-Bid avatar Alive-Bid • h ago It does not work like that for me.
It requires a different strategy and you need to look for different signals.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Upstairs_Big_ • h ago Nah, i see where they are coming from.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/xobfuscation avatar xobfuscation • h ago • Edited h ago It’s a matter of priorities.
That being said, I think it's a question of do you need this from a job?
And a lot of tech companies historically have been willing to interview self-taught people, if their resumes stick out in some other way like open source contributions, or high percentile scores in programming competitions.
I'd be calling people back to the office if I'd sunk that much into real estate.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies jrt • h ago Software Engineer I have a master's in CS, but I have met plenty of self-taught people who are excellent engineers and I have met plenty of shit engineers with CS master's degrees.
Zoom calls make you question where they’re from and most have ‘unstable’ connections.
I fail to see how wed cooperate better in office.
I know it wasn't only low performers who have been laid off, but not sure what to make of the situation otherwise.
talk, not just pretend to listen.
I'm sure there are some teams that have mastered integrating new hires with remote, but a lot of us kind of sucked at it.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/blue avatar blue • h ago How common is the overworking thing, though, really?
Anyone should have that But you have to make it a conscious effort as an organization to setup that environment and channels through online sources It might be slightly harder and it's new to a lot of people, but it's very possible Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/FatedMoody avatar FatedMoody • h ago Nah, I would have to disagree there.
If daytrading was highly profitable you wouldn’t see a million different YouTubers trying to sell you a course on it.
It's really not that hard.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share dipsy • h ago That's every MNCs in india.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/KublaiKhanNum avatar KublaiKhanNum • h ago Software Architect I think it depends on the company.
They will disappear for hours and hours throughout the day.
ML Engineer | US |  YoE I work remote for an early stage company (joined pre-seed, coming up on series B), and while these weren't concerns for our particular org, I've seen this for others (and we've worked through these reasons all together when deciding if we'd ever go into an office) and, while I wouldn't work at these orgs the reasons are certainly reasonable.
Op is in the comments using alts Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share anotherguiltymom • h ago Big tech continues to hire (although significantly less) and they can’t pay juniors less than what the established range for juniors is inside the company.
Having that option is quite valuable.
If you put a bit of emphasis on formal logic in your studies, I think Philosophy can provide an excellent foundation for learning different technical skills in your career Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/themiro avatar themiro • h ago it almost certainly does count, they mean they're only hiring Physics/Math/CS undergrads Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share kal • h ago Oh no!
I know exactly what I need to do and I only pop up when I have questions for people however, for junior engineers much more difficult.
So the observation is made that self taught devs skew lower in comparison to college educated devs.
Remote is worse by far.
But there are ways to help work around that.
The crazy stock sign on bonuses may be gone, but the standard base plus yearly bonus will still make it so compensation for new hires is around $k+ for new grads in big N.
Remote is great - no distractions, go to town.
I am willing to bet in - years it will be WHICH college you go to and it's ranking.
We were all local with a few specialists working fully remotely to start with.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/NoWorld avatar NoWorld • h ago • Edited h ago I've noticed that the purpose of classes in school is often just to speed run students to the next class...no regard for even a quick summary of why it matters.
And if I wasn't given a heads-up, I'm not answering at all.
"time to make everyone miserable so i can look % better at doing my job." Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply  more replies jrt • h ago Software Engineer Multiple possibilities: Older generations are still leading some companies and are sticking to their old ways.
The volume of such people applying is definitely too high currently.
Hiring is not about finding the best candidate anymore as it is finding a good enough candidate.
It's very difficult to bond and truly understand the nuances of interactions with people.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/CalRobert avatar CalRobert • h ago • Edited h ago Some of the worst code I've ever seen was from a math PhD.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Complete_Sport_ avatar Complete_Sport_ • h ago I get your point but meeting three times a year is absolutely not the same as seeing someone several times a week irl Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply u/csasker avatar csasker • h ago L TC @ Albertsons Agile I don't disagree with you, but it's still extra effort for companies compared to just being at the office Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/the_pwnererXx avatar the_pwnererXx • h ago seeing people  times a year isn't the same as seeing people  days a week Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/Drayenn avatar Drayenn • h ago My team is super vocal and we help each other a lot, pair programming is frequent.
Also tax benefits for having people in office.
Ditch your commercial real estate.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Potential_Cover • h ago I do know a few people who work for companies that have gone from a block to a floor and a few meeting rooms.
I work in a large IT organization (several thousand people), and the most effective people are those who have built a network of people across the organization.
I would probably have harder time getting a job with that degree comparing to people with CS degree.
I'm out of the loop with this.
Got offended when I said to give variables meaningful names.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/xdeskfuckit avatar xdeskfuckit • h ago For all the doors it closes, it opens twice as many.
I’d say about % of the applicants are either seriously under qualified or outright fake.
That being said, for a field that has some of the smartest people creating clever solutions every day, it is also swamped by mediocrity.
Myself and a lot of my peers are WFH and one job is plenty of work.
For a Junior position you are hiring people with little to no experience.
For my job, part of it is increased hiring and the inevitable lowering of standards, but my managers definitely believe that wfh is playing a role.
I don't see too many opportunities for that now and that makes work life a lot less rich.
Some server with million scripts everywhere, random text files for notes everywhere.
Could there be some ridiculously talented self taught dev?
Having said that, of course there's always exceptions to this and I applaud anyone that is self taught and is able to acquire a lot of the foundational stuff you'd miss by not getting a degree in CS/CIS (theory, engineering, math in the case of CS and business/domain knowledge in the case of CIS).
Ramp up of new hires is not good with wfh.
You should have a mentor or buddy on speed-dial or chat that you can ask any question at any time.
There are a fair number of companies that pay $k+ to new grads and in quant it’s standard to pay north of $k and sometimes over & $k for new grads.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies  more replies Xnuiem • h ago CTO/VP (DFW, TX, USA) Do not let your degree define you or your career .
Those people tend to be the ones who've climbed to the top and make those decisions so...
Right now that is having a CS degree.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share OiaOrca • h ago I have a feeling this is a troll post.
It becomes quite hard to progress beyond a point without an in-person culture.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share theusualguy • h ago Graduate Student I'm not a mathematician but am I wrong in thinking cryptographers and mathematicians in the number theory/cryptography area usually go for analyst and intelligence positions?
Even if your company bans managers from hiring self-taught candidates, there is still the problem of managers hiring unqualified people.
If my work dried up completely, I’d probably go back though.
Like they could regurgitate the textbook examples to me verbatim but not actually explain what they meant.
I put k and earned roughly k in three months.
There is not as much likelihood of lawsuit which can occur from working in office…less people suing over slipping in the bathroom, over being sexually harassed, etc.
I work remotely right now, and I'm very glad to be home since I have a baby and it's easy to take a break and help my family out.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies  more reply  more replies u/FatedMoody avatar FatedMoody • h ago I work remote and absolutely love it but I could see why companies might not.
but can they, really?" (not whether they _could_ - whether they _can_) Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply u/AniviaKid avatar AniviaKid • h ago They can’t monitor you Who's gonna monitor me in the office when the entire rest of my team is on the east coast when I'm the only one in the Midwest tho Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/theediblearrangement avatar theediblearrangement • h ago and getting rid of it is a good way to shed excess employees (especially COVID hires that weren't even local to begin with) Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/ralian avatar ralian • h ago Also the remote job pool is an absolute disaster.
Some people like Steve Jobs have tried to take that to an extreme, doing things like designing the building in specific ways to maximize little chance encounters for unexpected collaborations.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Ecstatic_Top_ • h ago Those YouTubers are part of the problem “How I went from k to k in  months learning basic html and JavaScript” Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share reverendsteveii • h ago hope my spaghetti is don’t crash in prod big tech company, fully remote, starting pay for juniors is around ~k USD.
Maybe folks are less likely to job hop at this moment so we're only getting those who were let go or couldn't find a job?
If they are worried about bottom lines, this should be the first thing you attack.
I say this as a stats major who has worked with many CS and math majors.
Overall, it's a stupid power play that does have some economic backing.
This leaves us with taking on a middling candidate or restart the process Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share wicodly • h ago Software Engineer YOE Can someone explain the lease thing to me?
I hope that in itself helps my resume stick out.
Personally, that’s how I’d run a department; fully remote with several mandatory ff meetings a year based on what makes sense for that team/department.
So maybe you’re right that a self-taught person who got into development is better than your median CS grad.
Workers interests are always at odds with employers interests so who gives a fuck what they think Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/UltimateInferno avatar UltimateInferno • h ago Also, the reward for efficient productivity is more work.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/KittyTerror avatar KittyTerror • h ago Software Engineer My company is experiencing the exact same thing, and anecdotally I can confirm from giving out technical interviews Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/Drayenn avatar Drayenn • h ago Wonder if youre getting devs who have worked in one place only for a long time and are out of touxu on several points due to it, leading to the failures you get?
Ask me any question and there is no such thing as a stupid question.
If employers don't notice any hit to productivity, why do employers care?
I'm increasingly seeing companies want jobs to be hybrid.
And I hear plenty of companies do it now.
I don't know why amazon expects you to badge in everyday even if you're in a different location from the rest of your team etc, that seems to be some big-company ass-covering, but also amazon seems to constantly do a lot of crap that inconveniences employees for no reason.
They're great white sharks and you're not even a shark.
Probably the only big issue imho.
I should’ve said “can’t monitor you as openly and easily.” It’s easier to monitor you when you’re on the same WiFi network than on your home network.
Remember we have a pretty good amount of data on which schools have graduated people that worked out best for us.
idk why that’s so unbelievable for this sub, anyone can verify these things at levels.fyi Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share cs-grad-person-man OP • h ago i’m a  new grad who has been making k since august and am about to go back to Amazon for k, do I not exist?
According to upper management, it's because the volume of self-taught applicants is too high (a few thousand per posting) and the quality of self-taught applicants is too low.
My team has frozen hiring but we've already preparing to change from us/canada hiring to seattle only.
I have the work tasks I perform from home, but every now and then someone calls or there is an online meeting I need to participate in, i.e.
We slimmed down they leased to other people.
But if that  week project requires  touch points with different people, or worse you don't know it will require that many but it ends up needing a bunch?
In fact, it does nothing but incur costs to you as an employee.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Ok_Fee • h ago Obviously you’re responsible for your work whether at home or in-office.
I miss having lunch with colleagues and earlier in my career, I made great lifelong friends at work despite being quite an introvert.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Moloch_ • h ago They'll send an auditor to check Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/jonknowzeverything avatar jonknowzeverything • h ago An office in prime location drives active business in that area.
You're already bogged down in doc writing and sync meetings with teams who are already not in the same timezone as yours that it barely changes things.
It famously happened in  and happened again in the late aughts.
Leases fell due at just the right time to shrink that budget.
Investors insist on it.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/termd avatar termd • h ago Software Engineer I'd be shocked if a directive like this didn't have the words "or similar degrees", where the similar degree category includes math and EE.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share OldHuntersNeverDie • h ago A lot of Redditors want to reflexively poop on traditional degrees from reputable Universities/Colleges because frankly it was kind of trendy to and also a lot of folks don't have a  year degree, so I think inferiority complex definitely played a part.
They can’t really pop in and ask questions.
As far as why they'd care?
We are really good at mentoring and helping each other remotely.
They spend less money on leasing office space, keeping office snacks/coffee/supplies.
Doubt creeps in while remote those first few weeks.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/real_men_fuck_men avatar real_men_fuck_men • h ago I usually close my home office door so that I don’t box the whole house Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies toosemakesthings • h ago Man, I'm sorry if you don't wanna hear this but if you're turning down long-term career opportunities because you "kinda like to smoke weed occasionally" then your weed hobby is dragging you down more than it is pulling you up.
Quite a few VCs won't invest in remote-first companies for various reasons (some unknown).
Apparently a lot of teams have hired self taught developers and it's gone very bad.
If your company claims to advocate for fighting climate change and insist people drive to work everyday call them out on their bullshit.
Putting blanket requirements to be in office for no reason only pisses people off and makes them lose focus from their job.
That's a pretty normal L (entry level) pay for big tech.
Clearly you're one of my alt accounts.
However, in the vast majority of cases, a degree in CS/CIS is the right way to go...even an Associates tbh.
Some common reasons: It's their baby.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/snkscore avatar snkscore • h ago the market is flooded with experienced laid off devs.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/joedirte avatar joedirte OP • h ago They can monitor my progress via the scrum board I have a mortgage on my house and think it’s a waste to keep it unoccupied / of the time.
I think standards organizations like NIST or government agencies like the NSA do look for cryptographers or mathematicians who are specialized in that area even if it's not a developer job.
Still though, that's rough.
This does decrease the variance.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share Admirable_Ad_ • h ago My company did this exact same thing about  months ago.
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more reply  more replies  more replies TerribleEntrepreneur • h ago I can only speak to early stage companies, as I know many founders and am one myself (although, I am pro-remote).
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies Ok_Fee • h ago Yeah, completely fair Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share  more replies u/Norse_By_North_West avatar Norse_By_North_West • h ago My employer went the other way.
This move isn’t as „out there” as people suggest in this post.
-- I know it will be insanely unpopular on this sub and probably heavily downvoted, but there are plenty of advantages to working together onsite.
We are in a HCoL area though.
We hire our new grads all cash at -k.
Looks like they want people who actually got a degree that focused on it.
I graduated with lots of cheaters.
Everything is done in like / minutes.
I went into the office to move my computer a few weeks ago, was the first time I was at the office in years.
We’re all remote from each other anyways, why are you forcing me drive to an office where every meeting is a video call anyways?
Upvote  Downvote Reply reply Share Share u/PLZ-PM-ME-UR-TITS avatar PLZ-PM-ME-UR-TITS • h ago Ha, as someone who studied math and physics in school, this checks out.
Control - you have too much freedom and too much flexibility when you work from home.They need to monitor you.
I would say its harder to find that in successful self taught people because they don't get hired for having the degree alone.
Having to do that online?
