Amanda Morris D’Agostino: He wants to basically eliminate the rights of women and just, what, distribute women to men?
But you feel like there's only one way to be a boy and only one way to become a man.
Colleen Clemens: Thanks for all your help.
Well, yeah, but they at least want all women to be afraid unless they're distributed to them, as you know, sex objects.
You might hear, again, that's that idea of.
So this is one inscribed, prescriptive, narrow path that that many people, right, believe in.
We are effectively not teaching our children what safe and consensual relationships look like at the moments when they are just starting to come of age sexually.
This is the CDC saying thirty five percent of trans students attempt to die by suicide, and we know that that is a significant issue in our teenage populations right now.
How do you know that the program has been successful?
I don't want to share my whole thing, but I'm happy to share, you know, like, "Hey, you kind of showed this slide about all those different badges for like  seconds, and I really wanted to look at it." I'm happy to share those things specifically.
But we wanted to talk about how the belief that there is only one natural way to be a woman or that there's only one natural, and that'll be an important word in a second way to be a man, and that if you push against it at all, in this context of religion, if you push against it at all, you are a heretic.
Again, these small moves.
In her  speech, Sojourner Truth calls white women to account for forgetting that Black women do not have the privilege to move through the world in the Watch on YouTube at Learning for Justice -closed captioned Intersectionality  Photo by Simone Fischer on Unsplash Page  same ways white women do (read about why Black is capitalized).
But within this, you know, internet cesspool, we'll move to.
The one girl believes that her dad killed himself because of the shame that he quote, you know, like, allowed this to happen in front of him and that he didn't believe her.
From here, we diverge and to sport or bow.
Let me see if that'll work here.
So these vacuums are created that are often filled in with violence.
So if you watch Creek, David is is pansexual.
I think it would open the chat up if you would lie on that.
From people of color.
And they basically just reached a breaking point.
I think it's for my field.
Biden is missing a few brain cells and a few other things too!
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: And a little more easily.
But what if none of them believe you when you say here's a problem that I'm having?
So I put a slide here on pan sexuality because this is a term that I see more and more students identifying as pansexual.
His conversations were very vivid.
We're not going to solve the problems of INCELs and and the violence that they commit.
What that signals to me is that they are.
Page  “October , : Anita Hill Full Opening Statement (C-SPAN)” Transcript Judge: Professor, do you swear to tell the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?
And it's, it's movement, it's change.
So toxic femininity is a thing, but we just tried to figure it out in the nineties, and we in the feminist community did a decent job of that.
You may have thought that slavery ended with the abolition movement and the U.S.
This another young girl, a freshman softball player, reported Nassar, and she was told he is a world renowned doctor.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Of reason.
I want to ask you to that card that I gave you, get a pen and Apollo was kind enough.
Girl Up: The Power of Youth Leadership Page  Gender Issues in Today’s Society As is evident from the discussion above, progress truly has been made toward gender equity.
I am not a lone voice.
Colleen: So if you caught that in the video, they talked very quickly about being in a locker room in that three minutes, in the, in the masculine, it goes much more deeply into it.
It was a little bit earlier.
What did it take to finally stop Harvey Weinstein?
Gender identity, gender expression mover on the right biological sex.
The rhyme suggests that girls are born sweet and soft while boys are born rough and tough.
It's in theaters now.
In more recent history, Saudi Arabia granted women the right to vote in September of .
If you love someone, you're willing to do what it takes.
A boy, a stranger, knocks her over, leaving my child crying in the sand.
So I wanted to start by asking you if you could give us just a brief narrative.
No, it's, it is a web of them.
Anyone can change their profile to reflect their gender identity.
Colleen Clemens: I mean, like on John Boehner for crying.
He got up from the table at which we were working, went over to his desk to get the coke, looked at the can and asked “who has put pubic hair on my coke?” on other occasions he referred to the size of his own penis as being larger than normal, and he also spoke on some occasions of the pleasures he had given to women with oral sex.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: It’s gross.
Men who return to their communities to find women expressing greater authority and independence may feel threatened, which can generate hostility toward women and put them at risk of violence.
It's really important to just normalize it so that it doesn't look weird and odd.
Why is it that countries which we call strong are so powerful in creating wars but are so weak in bringing peace?
I man is like, the number one thing.
And they started attacking her.
Elliott Roger” that's super important.
So when I'm talking about femininity and masculinity, I'm not talking about sex.
So we've got the police failing.
So we have these structures in place.
We've made some headway, but we haven't entirely chipped away at it and knocked it down.
So gender, identity or or gender I would just use at this point is, is how you feel.
And then a Facebook post emerged, and it's very strange to read, but I'm going to read it out loud that this person that enacted that terrible act of violence wrote.
Individual Page  • Women are less likely to speak up in discussions at work and often discredit their abilities and skills • Women who are perceived as “warm” are perceived more favorably by male colleagues, but this trait does not translate into men’s evaluation of women’s competence in the workplace.
Such biological essentialism argues that “boys will be boys” because their biology naturally leans toward violence and aggression.
And it took journalism to finally stop him.
And when they appear to destroy me, it will not be long before they appear to destroy you.
So thank you so much.
Aside from the egregious grammatical mistakes of these tweets, Amanda: Right.
You know, I asked for all gender neutral clothing, meaning I didn't want somebody to for some kind of gender expression on my baby.
“Well, this is my last video.
And my sister Amina from the north of Nigeria where Boko Haran threatens and stops and even kids just for wanting to go to school.
He is the gatekeeper for superstars.
Like Page  you were saying here.
Gender in Society Increasing gender equity can improve physical and mental well-being for all people.
Lots of hope, lots of optimism.
I mean, honestly, I feel like if anybody's listening to this, who is just going to cling to the idea that there's no such thing as a structure, you're not our audience.
This guy in Toronto, he mowed down a street full of people of women.
Um, so sometime after, probably later this week, this one will be available.
In the United States, sexual assault and domestic violence are the most occurring forms of GBV.
Richie, and Kay Whitlock, "False Promises: Criminal Legal Responses to Violence against LGBT People" • Isis Nusair, "Making Feminist Sense of Torture at Abu-Ghraib" • Vandana Shiva "The Hijacking of the Global Food Supply” • Yifat Susskind, "Population Control is Not the Answer to Our Climate Crisis” • Wangari Maathai, "An Unbreakable Link: Peace, Environment, and Democracy" Page  Gender Inequity Throughout History Historically, gender inequity was the norm in most communities.
We'll get a little deeper into that as well.
Yeah, and also, well, and also, now I'm thinking, as you're talking, it's making me think that it's also this desire for simplicity instead of acknowledging the complexity of society and the complexity that we live with, you know, we are privileged.
Perhaps the best-known example of this networking and community-building would be the #metoo movement, started with a hashtag Tarana Burke created in  when she wanted to connect with a fellow survivor of sexual assault.
My sixteen year old courageous sister Mozon from Syria, who now lives in Jordan as a refugee.
So Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Normie is someone who's having sex.
So you'll hear students say that as well.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: I’m glad you brought up that story because that really struck me when I read it this morning.
Hyper Colleen Clemens: A hyperexample is, for example, the person who just killed women in California a few years ago and then wrote that manifesto, and he did it because other girls wouldn't date him.
I think if, you know, you should be careful how you talk to women in your workplace, I think you should be careful not to put hands on a woman who hasn't asked you to put hands on her, I think.
He talks about an economist, Robin Hanson, that proposed the question.
Who has always been bold and confident girl.
The spontaneous speech, only a few minutes long, was a landmark moment in feminist and abolitionist history.
I mean, look at the medical community.
They show me how to help move this movement forward, right?
We could do that to the power too.
Gender expression is what you put on, how you express to the world what you are.
Go to one of their campus events.
The increased attention she drew to the Taliban made them want to silence her forever.
I completely agree with you, but I also want to point out, I think it's, and if we don't acknowledge that there is a gendered component to that and that, trying to use it.
So somebody who is intersex shows biological characteristics of both male and female genitalia, basically.
I teach a lot of gender studies classes, and I talk a lot about gender and many, many times on a daily basis, somewhere on social media or in my classroom, someone says to me, Well, you're just attacking white men.
So, folks, I am right there with you, if you're thinking, yeah, I see this, and I'm so confused by it.
I don't specifically ask students about pronouns, but in I demonstrate like I have it in my email signature.
Are deprived of their right to education.
First-Wave Feminism  Second-Wave Feminism  Third-Wave Feminism  Fourth-Wave Feminism  Intersectionality  Gender Equity  Gender Equity Matters to ALL Genders  Gender & the World  Economy and Women  Gender in Society  Environment and Gender  The Green Belt Movement  Gender Inequity Throughout History  Voting Rights  Economic Rights  Reproductive Rights  Gender Issues in Today’s Society  Human Trafficking  Gender in Conflict Zones  Page  Maternal Health  Gender Gaps  Wage Gap  Education Gap  Pathways to Gender Equity  Breaking the Cycle of Poverty  Investing in Education  Promoting Women’s Health  Transforming Perceptions of Gender  Supporting Gender Equity  The Role of Individual Action  Appendix  “Gender Revolution” Trailer Transcript  “Ep  Privilege: Conflating personal with structural” Transcript  “Ep  Toxic Masculinity” Transcript  “Understanding LGBTQ+ Terminology” Lecture Transcript  “Gender according to the Cis, based on their cakes” Transcript  “Girl Up: The Power of Youth Leadership” Transcript  “The Mask You Live In - Official Trailer” Transcript  “Drs.
I know her name is Jill, and I'm like.
There are almost a million videos on YouTube sharing families’ reactions to seeing blue or pink balloons rise up from a box, blue or pink powder rain from a piñata, or blue or pink icing be revealed upon slicing a cake.
Jessica Valenti says we need to, and I've been screaming this, too.
In the spring of , an opportunity to teach at Oral Roberts University opened up.
It also served as a reminder to other women to do the same.
There's a great line in Schitt’s Creek where it's about why I'm not.
Your face, I'm honest, your face.
It's about equity for everyone.
So in cells are wrecked baby of the pickup artist movement that was popular, like ten years ago.
This became easier when Alison Duncan became office director because most of my work was then funneled through her, and I had contact with Clarence Thomas mostly in staff meetings.
Let this be the last time that we see a child out of school.
OK, that I know.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: If you know, an article, send it to us, that would be… Colleen Clemens: So then.
The incidents occurred in his inner office at the EEOC.
Words associated with masculinity might be: • Powerful • Strong • Unemotional • Breadwinner • Violent Remember, gender norms are different than the characteristics of specific men you know—we separate the personal and individual from the structural.
So a sis gender person.
The reason we should all care is they don't give a shit who they take down.
So that's why I'm kind of going around that.
What is it you don't let people see?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: That's absolutely horrifying.
Women have more responsibility and must make decisions and grow into new roles.
I am attacking a system, a system that I benefit from as well.
If you were going to tell us a basic definition of what toxic masculinity is, what would that be?
So these just happened like this when this happened this week, because “be a man” is the quintessential way to know that someone is kind of asserting the hyper masculine living that I would argue.
So two things that it's not, it's not polyamory.
So this gender, I don't believe this.
Gender (sometimes called gender identity) has nothing to do with biology and everything to do with one’s emotional self.
When you hear these things, that means someone who ever sang them is basically a biological essentialist.
So that's what this these little dots are for.
President Reagan was seeking to abolish the entire Department.
Larry Nassar apologizes gets forty to one hundred and twenty five years for decades of sexual abuse.
However, my brother still called me that annoying, bossy sister.
I do not love his work, but this piece really set the Twittersphere on fire.
Colleen Clemens: Sure Amanda Morris D’Agostino: First going into a church and killing people back every day?
And one of them says the other “hey after we're done cleaning up the house let's go dismantle toxic masculinity,” so I don't think that the timing could have worked out any better so please do check that out.
We can solve this if we just do X, but the reality is all of these things are connected.
And it's not Page  about the individuals like each of you is an individual, but we are all part of a larger structure that we live in called America, right?
Partners in Health on Maternal Health Page  rural Asia, for example, households that are led by women are typically poorer than those run by men.
Man Speaking: Okay, I said I saw there's a number of the questions coming in.
Bodies can have a combination of girl and boy biology; when a body has such a combination, that person’s sex identity is intersex.
It could be women because there were men and women.
Girls can be more than one path.
So what they do is they hurt you because they don't know how to say they like you.
How do you rate?
Colleen Clemens: So what they do is they're basically, I mean, they hate Chad Thundercock, too.
This is something that's taught.
So the fact that he could say now, No, I don't do it.
Who You want to be within a sexual manner?
So she has done a lot of writing and thinking and studying about this.
Katie Couric: Your case is going to be heard before the Supreme Court.
But now we have this giant web of men that we need to talk about.
So I'm going to read just like a quote from that.
In December , she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, which she shared with education activist Kailash Satyarthi.
But, and Christmas, right.
But you don't want to say that, right?
So an asexual person is not, um.
They also have an enormous fiscal impact: a  study found that intimate partner violence costs the U.S.
Just think about our, like, angs, the anxiety that was caused by me, like withholding information.
Brian: They call me Dave.
The Mary Robinson Foundation connects leaders who understand the need for collaboration and shared decision-making in the fight against climate change.
Think about and get students to think about pronouns.
It's about the rest of the girls, the rest of the world, the younger girls coming, right?
Just like we would study somebody who leaves any other kind of supremacist group.
But I think that takes a lot of work and a lot of.
Yeah, you get it now.
The work itself was interesting, and at that time it appeared that the sexual overtures which had so troubled me had ended.
Colleen: Grow a pair, grow a pair, I classify.
I'm talking to you about this because I think that this is a deep seated hatred of boys, that we allow them so little and give them so little credit.
Colleen Clemens: Because you need to know, you also need to know why he says “all hail the supreme gentleman.
Words strengthens and inspires me.
And everybody's, Colleen Clemens: Well, yes, yes, great.
Somebody who's a gender doesn't participate in that.
He says I don't have to be that person with you anymore.
Amanda: Yeah, it's anonymous.
• Transgender and gender nonconforming people experience exceptionally high levels of suicide compared to the general population.
And maybe some small part of me does like to benefit from it 'cause I can't even separate myself out from it as much as I'd like to.
Can we come back here again?
I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her.
This was really great and I want to thank Paula who invited our guests today to come and talk and the timing couldn't have worked out better.
We can all post a story on social media and start a conversation.
To understand how gender and race intersect in current criticisms of policing, watch Crenshaw’s TED talk on women and policing.
But, you know, here is the thing… Amanda : but it is on the spectrum Colleen: No, no, no I want to talk about this… Amanda : Go ahead.
So, Jen, and she's really trying to make sense of this stuff right now.
This is who you are.
You know, we'll get together with people who he hasn't seen in thirty/forty years.
And then I wanted to pull out.
So if you need to take a break, if you need to not listen to this right now, we're OK with that.
Amanda: And question it.
International (CC BY .) Page  Because of rigid standards of beauty, women find themselves spending much of their time and energy trying to change their bodies.
I like the wine and not the label.
We need to separate the two.
So if sex is your parts, um, gender is how you feel about your parts, about how about your life, not just your parts.
That number here, thirty five percent of trans student.
So that's interesting with the email signatures, you know, right?
Some people call a Nobel laureate now.
Man Speaking: Yeah, so it's just blogboxlearning.com.
But of course, I go to.
This is a structurally embedded problem.
If somebody's creative, right, you see beyond what is in front of you.
Extreme poverty can lead people into desperate action, including selling wives and children for profit.
Ninety eight percent of students at least know where they are.
And then when we get to the next interactive portion of our of our presentation, we can certainly have a discussion because we want to talk to you guys and maybe clear some things up, help you understand.
And they've had these burdens placed on their shoulders from birth.
And so working with hawks, I had asked what other, what folks want.
Well, yes, I mean, that's very possible.
Okay, You won't need to after us, right?
I'm not a man, and I was horribly offended by it.
Hormones are very different.
You're going to get resistance from the men in your lives who really haven't bought into this idea or understand it.
Amanda: Buckle up, Colleen: But that, to me, is that's non-negotiable.
Do I have everybody's cards?
It's only to panelists.
I graduated from the University with academic honors and proceeded to the Yale Law School where I received my JD degree in .
The National Organization of Women was established in  to advocate for women’s rights.
So this is not like an individual's unhappiness.
Um, as Colleen said, really appreciate you taking that time during the summer to come and join us.
And we're like, well, it's been leading to this for decades.
But you have to google gender reveal.
Satyati and I have taken so far and will take on this journey will also bring change, lasting change.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Hello.
Much of women’s work is informal—in the home, in the fields, or in cottage industries carried out in the home instead of in an official workspace.
Oh, we need to talk about Rob Porter.
Colleen Clemens: That's just my rabbit hole for today Amanda Morris D’Agostino: because it's infuriating.
I, I think it's.
I mean, gender reveal invites their sex reveal parties.
Colleen Clemens, Ph.D., associate professor of non-Western literatures and director of Women's and gender studies at Kutztown University in Pennsylvania, earned her Ph.D.
Like Martin Luther King and Nelson Mandela, Mother Teresa and a young son, Sushi once stood here on this stage.
It is for those voiceless children who want change.
As I said, I may abuse poor judgment.
Gender reveal parties are a popular type of baby shower.
So somebody might be straight or gay.
Second, this phrase—and the other two I address below—replicates the idea that there is only one way to be a boy.
Those who have nothing don't feel they deserve anything.
What are you, a fag?
Gender identity isn't a preference.
We try to talk about gender and ways INCLEs, so this is also the beginning of a conversation right this isn't the end, and if you want more you can always you should have gotten a post card and a sticker and if you didn't we'll get you sticker.
What do they have in common?
He was in fact appointed as assistant secretary of education for civil rights.
Documents containing this font may be editable (Apple Inc.
Colleen Clemens: I was just going to say that.
Education system didn't do it.
In the name of God, the most merciful, the most beneficent.
So our gender terminology, I just went through this, I think, but just to review.
And it has a lot of men scared and feeling uncomfortable.
Maybe a great thing that our readers could watch would be The Mask You Live in, which is a Netflix documentary.
And Valenti's no stranger to this.
And even those experiences just drastically transformed to these girl leaders.
More and more folks are recognizing this as a sexuality.
And I think what we need to all be careful about is that when we are talking about issues having to do with oppression, we're talking about structures.
The butts up against.
So I'm excited to see what she has to say.
And the people that have enacted those structural oppressions upon me, they're not bad people, right?
And very quickly, what happened is there was an avalanche of names that we cannot talk about every single story.
The Green Belt Movement promotes gender equity and recognizes that “when the communities understand the linkage between their actions, environment and their livelihood situations (poverty, water scarcity and soil loss and food insecurity) they are more likely to muster their energies and take action for change.” Maathai’s Green Belt Movement connects gender issues and environmental issues to bring about peace and sustainability.
In good times, guys are like really close to each other, but when things get a little bit worse—you're on your own.
At some time after that meeting, he asked if he could take me to dinner at the end of the term.
You are the bad behavior.
So Kimmel, and I think a lot of us, you know, have been trying to give language to this.
I wish I could remember the line from Schitt’s Creek.
Why is it that giving guns is so easy?
Page  Colleen Clemens: It was.
So a romantic would be, again, the head and the heart to be reductive and asexual would be no sexual, like physical activity.
If anyone wanted to watch that, you did not see the last one.
The stakes of this conversation couldn’t be higher.
The first place is funding we'll go to is where my heart is to build schools in Pakistan, especially in my home of Swath and Shangla .
But I can read you if you give me a stack.
My Page  reaction to these conversations was to avoid them by eliminating opportunities for us to engage in extended conversations.
Women are often at the forefront of protesting injustice in their countries and use their collective voices to work toward change.
I so appreciate that.
Like, just narrate what you're doing?
It's only three minutes.
And we see that often filled by violence.
Colleen Clemens: Normies are like normal people.
Colleen Clemens: So, please, some of Twitter attackers from November were in the manosphere.
Okay, so that's a very so I'm gonna give you another example.
But then this is sort of an everyday cultural phenomenon.
And those are just a few of the dozens of genders people are.
And I think one of the main problems that we had is absolutely is someone who takes action and murders other people or injures or does anything, you know, out in the world to, to physically harm other people is a psycho, like they're taking just extra steps.
You know, speaking from that position of identity, and I think.
If my cup won't hold but a pint and your holds a quart, wouldn't you be me not to let me have my little half measure for?
So we want them to feel safe so that they can do the things we want them to do in our classes.
So, this is clearly something a phenomenal importance to them.
To alleviate this problem in Sudan, Oxfam and the Sudanese Agency for Environment and Development Service joined together to provide fuel-efficient stoves to women.
But my brothers and I are still working on that .
When my world suddenly changed, my priorities changed, too.
That's, I'm thinking of very specific conversations that I've had in my world, where in my life, where there are men in my life where I can't get them past the differentiation between sex and gender, that they literally think that sex and gender are the same thing.
So that's a Chad.
I think what has happened is that we in the feminist community are trying to find language to get to everybody else, to come along with us like they did about girls.
I have way too much power, right?
If you hunt and you shoot, you eat it.
So I either didn't explain something right or so if they can put it in the Q A, I will totally address it.
But like, like, if they had just believed, if fifteen percent of the stories had been believed in this situation, it would have ended sooner.
Always keep your mind right.
Allah says if you kill one person, it is as if you killed the whole humanity.
He spoke about acts that he had seen in pornographic films, involving such matters as women having sex with animals, and films showing group sex or rape scenes.
It is very clear this is a structural issue.
In Afghanistan, we see families been killed in suicidal attacks and bomb blasts.
And so if you think about, if you think about love and joy and like, and they’re,… Colleen Clemens : But when men publicly express those emotions, also, they're called a pussy, right?
If we don't listen to women, if we turned a blind eye, if we allow our institutions to have too much power, then we are, we are culpable in a way, and that doesn't feel good.
And so that was a great lesson for me to hear.
For me, it's really about feelings.
One of my very good school friends the same age as me.
But so there is a reason why there's, there's this range of two to ten percent and two to ten percent is not that high.
So a gender fluid person isn't necessarily, and I'm, I know I'm getting jargon here.
So it becomes the last time, the last time.
Well, you know, and I, I, you know, I do love my students, right?
And as feminists, we worked through that shit in the nineties, Amanda: Right.
We red wine, but I also drink white wine.
Even though the Taliban wants to silence girls, Malala spoke freely to the international community about the importance of equitable education for all children.
Oh, thank you for putting them in there.
OK, so gender fluid is somebody who?
Page  Amanda : The Amish girls, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So if we are willing to all go along with that, if we're talking about power, and if toxic masculinity is teaching boys that they need to assert power, even when somebody doesn't want it asserted upon them, that would be an example of toxic masculinity.
Perhaps I should have taken angry or even militant steps both when I was in the agency or after I left it, but I must confess to the world that the course that I took seemed the better as well as the easier approach.
Well, there you go.
We have all heard it: on the playground, in a teacher conference, in the faculty room.
You know, this is, I've never felt this way.
Let's begin this ending now.
It is OK to ask students questions.
Because the worst thing you can call boys male or female part.
Page  autonomy and the phrase “the personal is political.” Women continued to push against the idea that their place was only “in the home” and sought more agency over their bodies and choices.
Person : I think it's also important to make the distinction between impulse and action, because I know, or at least my experiences with young men and my age is that we will all or many of us will have bad impulses, or we will have the urge to be, you know, very aggressive or reasserting or dismiss others or be overly stoic.
The coach didn't do anything, and friends also did not believe the girls.
And his thesis is talking about how the redistribution of sex - I mean, just the fact that that phrase exists makes me want to throw up how crazy it might sound.
That's a really great thing to bring up.
Social determinants of health prevent many people from racial and ethnic minority groups from having fair opportunities for economic, physical, and emotional health.” While poverty plays a role in women’s access to health care for themselves and their children, culture is also a factor.
Colleen: Actually launch the privilege.And also, though, I could be at home with my family right now, right?
Judge Thomas told me that he was anticipating a political appointment, and he asked if I would be interested in working with him.
So can you think, can we talk about maybe some examples that are more dialed back?
So that's an example that you might hear in language for questioning men.
I'll just get through this, and I don't know that they did one for twenty twenty, and I feel like part of my job, right is to read these things and then bring to you the things that matter in for the, for something like this presentation.
They are not required to cross some kind of arbitrary medical finishing line in order to be transgender.
What happens when some voices, especially the voices of people of color (or BIPOC), are ignored?
So then if this is kind of the cherry on top, that just brings some of this home, Ross Douthat, who is an opinion columnist for The New York Times.
• Nearly one in six transgender persons has been incarcerated, well above the incarceration rate for the general population.
• ·Work with your friends, classmates, and school community to challenge gender-based stereotypes that could be harmful to everyone.
And it doesn't just have to be about LGBTQ issues.
Use your social media feed to educate them.
My husband and I just saw his new documentary about him called Won't You Be My Neighbor?
But when you do, they do Lutz.
And, oh, it's, no, no, I don't want to focus on the complexity of life or privilege or where I exist.
He is the individual actor.
And these young men are not doing that, but still living with that same thing.
Grow some balls.”  The three most destructive words that every man receives when he’s a boy is when he's told to be a man.
Colleen: These have similar words.
A grieved entitlement is this idea that you are entitled to things, and when you don't get it, you are aggrieved.
I took no initiative to inform anyone, but when I was asked by a representative of this committee to report my experience, I felt that I had to tell the truth.
That's where you started.
There's my email at the bottom.
The tea can be a lot of different things.
So at some point, by the end of this talk, we'll talk about how toxic masculinity may have connections to men acting badly.
What we, what, how much you have to buy into the belief that he is somehow smarter and better and superior, that paternalism is unsafe for people.
Such parties are not inherently bad, but they may demonstrate there is less of a willingness to consider gender fluidity when the child grows older.
But we'll get to that.
Oh, I see it.
Katie Couric Narration: as we find ourselves in the midst of a gender revolution.
I've blissfully not been on zoom for a few weeks, OK?
I think if we can, actually, if the intervention is to look to girls to be our partners, then we can actually solve all of these problems, right?
Take a moment and make a list of words you associate with masculinity.
The benefits of gender equity can extend well beyond the walls of a family’s home or beyond the well-being of an individual, perhaps even impacting a nation’s politics.
This is why I tweet that tweeted that here.
Colleen Clemens: So even if it were, even if out of the eight one, right.
Elliott Roger”, would you like to ask me some questions about that?
A Conversation on Toxic Masculinity Page  • L.
We see it by, you know, I would argue something that ISIS really takes advantage of.
Other consequences of marrying so young can include illiteracy, poverty, domestic abuse, and abandonment by the woman’s spouse.
What are you doing about student?
Colleen Clemens: And these are the eight times in the Larry Nassar story that we know about.
They need to be in constant fear for in bold every aspect of their life.
Unless there is some kind of let me move my little thing here.
For some time, Burke was not given credit for originating the hashtag.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Exactly.
And my point is… Colleen Clemens: because it's so awesome to accuse.
Feminist practice fights beauty norms and remembers that all bodies matter.
I have one celebratory beer for every victim that turns out to be a young woman between eighteen and thirty five." Vocal.
In , that number was only higher by a few percentage points at .%--and only % are women of color.
The video very quickly shows how a woman’s image is transformed after hours of effort and computer manipulation: Bodies are differently-abled, are of different races, genders and sizes.
My mother's name is Irma Hill.
Like they will be present and participatory on day one.
And if any of you were here last time.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yeah.
They may have a more difficult time overcoming structural factors that prevent them from sharing equal power with men, even when they individually enjoy equal opportunity.
And what he calls this, and I'm going to define it for him is he calls what you are trying to understand, aggrieved entitlement, aggrieved entitlements.
But, boy, we feel a little overwhelmed about how to bring all this together when we thought it was going to be a story about, like one bad actor and the structures that upheld Page  his sexual misconduct and assault.
So we're going to need a quick primer on the difference between sex and gender so that we understand what masculinity means When we say that sex is biological traits most often thought of as genitalia, but also chromosomes, hormones, those things, right.
Don't emasculate men for showing any kind of motion that isn't in the quote, accepting range.
Judge : Excuse my friend, I instruct the officers do not let anyone in or out of that door while Professor Hill is making her statement.
These unrecognized and often lonely laborers come together as one body and use their strength in numbers to get benefits that they would not be able to obtain on their own.
Colleen Clemens: It's like the varsity cheerleader, the way blonde varsity cheerleader is dating the football star.
Katie Couric: At times do you feel like, whoa, whoa, whoa, it's too fast!?
Using masculinity as his club.
So that that matters.
Colleen: So the idea that means that I am owed something.
I know people are, are really wanting this knowledge.
But for another ten years, twenty years, they lived a life that did not allow for their authentic cells.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yes.
And that's why I think so many of us are always trying to be like, no, this is connected.
We asked the world leaders to unite and make education their top priority.
So the root of both of those is that women owe men's sex.
You know, how do I know what to buy for you now?
This is toxic masculinity in action.
So that would actually be intersex.
I love seeing all those questions come in, though.
She actually had to flee with her daughter by advice of the police at one point because she was on a target list.
As we question gender binaries, we must question our language—and the way we use it.
Oh, and you're welcome.
Gender norms often dictate that women prepare the food, maintain the shelter, and raise the children.
So I propose to doing this session just to introduce folks to terms and to make sure that you leave understanding any terms that you might not to the best of my ability in here, we have the flag with all the good different colors incorporating white, pink and blue for transpoke and then having the brown and the black for black lives matter.
And these are the people who will say, like, where's the men's rights?
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: That’s terrible.
It Gets Better offers a bunch of free ones (you might have to turn on the mirroring feature in zoom for a few of these, I found).
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: I mean, this is sounding very careful to me, like the supreme leader and all that kind of stuff.
Find out where students can vote in your community and make sure you inform them of the locations.
On one occasion he called me without reaching me, and I returned the call without reaching him and nothing came of it.
That would be the term.
Some scholars think feminism became irrelevant after the third-wave.
And I will talk about pronouns.
The word toxic is in front of it.
In the back room there, if you're if you're dining with us today, if you brought food, or if you placed an order bring a chair back there, in the back, and even if you're not dining with us today, walk around in the back.
Let us become the first generation.
You can do anything….Grab ’em by the pussy.
But, you know, you're going to have feelings.
And that's what I see, really being taken up by so many of the movements that are out there, whether they come at it from a very girl specific perspective or from a women's specific perspective, from the LGBTQ community, right?
This is not, these are not anomalies.
And, yes, these, these people, these marginalized groups, have a right to say, “Hey, we are here.
Page  about gender argue that nurture, not nature, determines how a child might perform their gender.
But like, if there's a bunch of people here and they're like, no, I want to do that.
And I agree that dude is a psychopath.
Many children in countries like Pakistan and India, Eskira Satyati mentioned, many children, especially in India and Pakistan.
I saw a name come up traditionally masculine name.
Photo by roya ann miller on Unsplash Women’s March, Washington, D.C.
But, and again, I think it's coming from a deep love for the men in our lives that we need to have… The boys that we're trying to raise, right?
I think it just became this really gross thing, but it started with this questioning.
It's constant subversion of gender norms.
In societies in which men are seen as the “stronger sex,” men are expected to provide food, shelter, and protection for their families.
But I wanted to put this here because.
The Good Men Project defines toxic masculinity this way: Toxic masculinity is a narrow and repressive description of manhood, designating manhood as defined by violence, sex, status and aggression.
We were raised with that language.
I am the fascist.
Thank you so much.
Suggested Reading • Beth Richie, "A Black Feminist Reflection on the Antiviolence Movement" • Courtney Bailey, "A Queer #Metoo Story: Sexual Violence, Consent, and Interdependence" • Joey L.
My childhood was one of a lot of hard work and not much money, but it was one of solid family affection as represented by my parents.
So I just, I see, you know, I write down on a piece of paper, a cheat sheet.
I believe then, as now, that having a social relationship with a person who was supervising my work would be ill-advised.
This was difficult, because at the time I was his only assistant at the Office of Education.
It's this or that it's either or.
Mass migration across the world and globalization also put those migrating at risk to be preyed upon by traffickers.
There is a specific term for somebody who's only sexuality is masturbation.
It's about what is the rest of my community, my peers, my friends, the people I've connected with on the other side of the world or from a totally different background and experience with me.
Page  Amanda: So I.
Malala Yousafzai : My great hope is that this will be the last time.
I will explain to I it doesn't feel good.
Dear brothers and sisters.
I knew about this for years.
That doesn't mean I knew what her gender was.
That is not a term we use.
Our constructed beliefs about masculinity teach them that, in order to “man up,” they must perform their masculinity in aggressive ways—or have their masculinity questioned.
But you are going to be aware now.
A man tells me that grabbing women by their genitalia is “locker room talk.” I tell him that I have more faith in men than he must have.
I also ask if there is a name I should be calling them that is different from what the class list might indicate in case the student has not changed their name officially but does not go by their birth or “dead” name.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: And when I found an article because all these articles suddenly started showing up on my news feed and I read one, and I thought, I've, I mean, I understand the, the idea, maybe the idea behind the fact that these are men who think women know themselves, but that's super simplistic and super distilled.
Page  Gender & the World Sustainable development simply is not possible without gender equity, including equal rights, equal opportunities, and equal access to resources for all people of all genders.
Confining and limiting ideas about femininity can affect women in several ways.
After approximately three months of working there, he asked me to go out socially with him.
Inequity and discrimination based on gender can have consequences for social well-being, economic development, and even environmental preservation.
And if they do, we'll revisit this again cause I don't think even though we're seeing a cultural shift, it's not going to change overnight again.
Let's close the office door and start the conversation.
Did not remain the same.
They bring a critical eye.
But if we keep saying it and we keep explaining it and pointing out examples and being loving when we're trying to explain, don't get angry when the men in your life go.
It's bad for everyone.
The testosterone is different.
Act like a man!” For my kids, I was gonna end this hyper masculine narrative here.
• Is masculinity always toxic?
But, um, you know, if there's other social justice oriented programming that you want, it would be great because I'm willing to do it for a hawks, but we're not quite sure what folks want.
We would sit and learn and read together.
Well, first of all, the activist soul just gave me chills, right?
I did look up some false reporting statistics because in that conversation, I was curious, and I found out that it is between two and ten percent of sort of allegations are considered false reporting.
And we should all just go home.
Never say man up to somebody, ever, you know, immediately delete that from your vocab.
And then how those ideas about gender might play out on a sexed body that's male, but it doesn't have to be right.
Page  • Volunteer with an organization that provides educational opportunities for girls around the world.
All right, So please welcome them to the stage.
There's no man behind the curtains saying we're going to do this to women and men.
She also represented humanism at Tuesday's with Tumi, a couple weeks ago and did a bang-up job doing that.
Why shouldn't they have this right to go to school?
Thanks to first and second and third wave feminism.
I'm not sitting here on a Sunday morning talking to you about this because I have some deep seated hatred of masculinity.
I was asked to do so, and I did.
But it is also, um, students know that we students know that they care about you.
I didn't go deep into the archive.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK.
Gender is about how one feels in regards to their place in society and how they define themselves.
I feel them come all over here, but I am able to stop them coming out, but even still have these combinations.
I mean, and I think that's where we're seeing it a lot in the mass toxic masculinity, It's most hyper, right.
I don't want to make it sound like that.
Like he said, he says it really nicely in one of the episodes where his it's his heart, and then his sexuality follows it.
And I think one of the things that really resonates with me is like there is not one specific tool for one specific intervention.
Why don't women say anything?
This is a problem, right?
As a result, women’s roles slowly transformed and they earned a political voice.
This is just in the last couple of days, A second White House official departs amid abuse allegations, which he denies.
And I think there's also a lot of confusion over what it is and what it isn't.
And obviously we're not going to, like, we don't have the answer, but it's good that we're talking about it.
And you can take us and give us to whoever, whatever man, what, who, the government, this Page  group, somebody decides we're going to distribute you to this and you're going to give them sex.
Because this conversation of mental health, gun reform, mental health, gun reform has worked for none of us.
But like I said, I had to look up Demis sexuals.
It's just something that they come to.
Colleen: I’m fully capable of being in room full of men and liking them.
And I don't know if I don't know if, like, hawks repeats programming or whatever.
Though I appear as one girl.
Feminisms  What is Feminism?
Like I line up, I'm cis gender.
While I might have gone back to private practice, perhaps in my old firm, or at another, I was dedicated to civil rights work and my first choice was to be in that field.
s work is licensed under a Attribution-ShareAlike .
And it definitely transcends and goes beyond the idea of men picking up a gun and shooting up a crowd of people.
White command writers to stop misusing they: “Do not use they when the antecedent is a distributive expression such as each, each one, everybody, every one, many a man.
Because I figure some of you probably have a lot to say, which is great, but let's limit it because, you know, we only have an hour and a half.
There's going to be a difference in maybe somebody's a lot of testosterone, and moves through the world.
Person : Women in terms of having emotion or intelligence… Colleen: Girl brains, boy.
So that's the two.
Like I was an incel.
Do you know what these are where people, like cut a cake in its pink or put blue balloons in a box, Right?
Photo by Gayatri Malhotra on Unsplash Page  Third-Wave Feminism When one thinks of third-wave feminism, one might think about intersectional approaches and activism.
A victim need not be physically transported from one location to another for the crime to fall within these definitions There are several reasons that human trafficking exists today.
They are very telling about how we are very committed in our culture to biological essentialism.
But I believe they will be there because they're starting at sixteen, knowing that they can.
And like, accepted that men have a range of emotions, like the men might cry, that men might cry.
But this is political terrorism.
Cop doesn't really fit those, kind of all on its own.
Amanda: Yep, that's our plan.
With five foot two inches tall, if you include my high heels .
Many women who entered the work force during World War II discovered that they enjoyed working and continued once the war was over, setting the stage for the women’s movements of the second half of the th century.
Now, again, this is not just about individual bad actors.
Now that you know the difference between sex and gender, what do you notice about the name of these parties?
These free resources are all available for your use (start at Chapter  to go directly to the teaching ideas) in the classroom or to inspire your own teaching ideas.
I mean, I believed it before, but now I'm like, well, fuck How does nobody see?
Just to make sure that I'm going to hit all the bases.
Colleen Clemens: This is like the four chan chatter that was on, and this has all been cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center.
This match much without the support of a structure that allows them to fail or it rewards them to fail.
But in a culture that equates masculinity with physical power, some men and boys will invariably feel like they are failing at “being a man.” For these particular men and boys, toxic masculinity has created a vacuum in their lives that can be filled through violence: through the abuse of women and of children in their care, through affiliation with the so-called “alt-right” or extremist groups, through gun violence or any other promise of restored agency that those parties wrongly equate with manhood.
Amanda: So the other one happened on June twenty four, twenty eighteen at : pm.
A small  study showed that “trans men reported that approximately % increased earnings in the same job post-transition, whereas trans women reported approximately a % decrease in earnings post-transition.
Yeah, it's okay that you can't.
I want students to be greeted with a new affirming background every day.
Boys should look like this.
The widening gap between the number of men and the number of women in poverty is referred to as the feminization of poverty.
And my reply is always this.
Some people called me the girl who was shot by the Taliban and some the girl who fought for her rights.
I want you to put in the Q A terms that you want are curious about, and I'm not sure.
Well, obviously, I don't agree with it.
OK, Daniels Wordling, John Copley, Wayne Parcel, Stephen Wynn, Barry Lubin, Rob Porter, Patrick Meehan, Omid Maliq, James Rosen, Mike Germano, Don Hazen, Morgan Spurlock, Donovan McNab, Mario Batali, Ryan Lizza, Bill O'Reilly, Alex Kosinski, Lauren Stein, Israel Horovitz, Garrison Keeler, Ben Vareen, David Sorenson, Matt Lauer, Charlie Rose, John Conyers Jr, Russell Simmons, Al Franken, David Sweeney, Eddie Berganza, Tony Cornish, Lewis, C.K, Ed Westwick, Andy Dick, Kevin Spacey, Mark Halpern, Terry Richardson, John Besch, Lockhart Steel, Harvey Weinstein, Glen Thrush, Roy Moore, Larry Nassar.
Have a nice summer.
That women are only to do one thing.
But I will remind you of that again, that sex is not something to be redistributed.
The good news is that education can be a highly effective preventative measure.
Yet there is still much progress to be made.
You can find a library of lesson plans and activities on many of the readings in this text.
It's not theirs alone.
These last few days have been very trying and very hard for me, and it hasn't just been the last few days this week, it has actually been over a month now that I have been under the strain of this issue.
• Do you think of yourself as a feminist?
I'm saying, when possible, when you feel safe, when you feel like that person might be receptive to the comment, try morning and feel strange about how does she feel she liked that person might be receptive to respectfully, now that you have some more information, respectfully disrupt that language in a social interaction Hey, I, I don't really think, I think boy can be more than that.
And do you not Page  know that the very first word of the Holy Koran is the word Ekra, which means we read.
Transgender, trans identified two s is two spirit.
And you want to talk about this?
Person  : I wanted to add something because I'm in a very unique position to answer that question.
And that may be nobody that would be asexual.
You see, beyond what everybody has told you is a thing so that somebody might say that they are gender creative.
For, for example, how do we, how do we take away the shame of a boy maybe feeling like he has to be one specific thing?
And that's why I think that they will actually solve some of these equality and equity huge challenges that, that I think all of us adults have just been grappling with because we had to learn, I had to learn that, right?
The group’s mission is to empower young women from diverse communities to realize the power, talent, and influence they have through media production.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yeah, if you will.
We've known each other for a long time.
It's at a little scary?
There's no, there's no magic line where suddenly somebody gets to be trans.
So when we're talking about toxic masculinity, we're talking about gender constructs, which we'll get to in a second, not biology, not sex.
That was it in Schitt’s Creek.
I'm like, Well, this person wrote this email.
You have a hard time imagining young white dudes thinking that because I don't have a hard time at all because they are taught their entire lives that they are entitled to it.
How do we have a conversation?
I mean, you're absolutely right.
It kind of feels like it's on fire and there's an energy, I would say.
This popular children’s rhyme illustrates essentialist theories of gender: “What are little boys made of?
So I really do think that they're going to be in those positions of leadership faster.
Colleen Clemens: The idea of surrender and not in a bad surrender idea, but just softening into what's going on instead of trying to be rigidly and adamantly and willfully not willing to accept that this is a bigger problem than just a person and just a bad actor.
I do have lots of time built in for that today.
Colleen Clemens: OK, or let's just say that's good language or let's also just say misogyny, which is the hatred of women.
Low education levels correlate to increased incarceration rates.
Colleen Clemens: First, I want to say that I think having conversations about toxic masculinity come out of deep love for men because it really, the idea about having a conversation about the construct of masculinity that is limiting in the way that the Good Men Project defines is that it wants to.
the second, was organization of a seminar on high-risk students, which was abandoned because Judge Thomas transferred to the EEOC where he became the chairman of that office.
So our culture is a structure, right.
I've been abused if we're shifting to giving the benefit of the doubt to that ninety to ninety eight percent, and that two to ten percent.
And that's, again, that's not to say that all men, right?
Almost two percent of high school students identify as trends and that safe school safe schools help.
We should assume that there are trans students in our classroom.
It really gives you the sense of energy to, to keep going.
But it's so true.
It took no initiative to inform anyone.
They care about this to a phenomenal degree.
It’s a phrase that—misunderstood—can seem wildly insulting, even bigoted.
Education Gap Children in families headed by women, especially female children, are more likely to drop out of school to help their mothers.
You know, Tara, I'd love to know from your perspective, like you Page  have been around so many incredible female leaders.
It's a big hill to climb, right?
So gender neutral in our culture would be things that are like yellow, white.
But that's still privileges, cis, gender, white, heteronormative, capitalist structures.
So just that term, knowing in our kind of cultural lexicon, we hear gender reveal based on the terminology that is not correct.
It is recorded in the message is August .
A note about the audio and video texts: there may be some explicit language in these.
And I do that as much as I can as well.
Like, so toxic masculinity, you can't win that.
I'm talking about gender, and that's a really important baseline when we are thinking about the idea of toxic masculinity because it's not saying toxic manliness or toxic men, it's talking about the construction of masculinity formed around gender.
Sort of zoom us in, if you would.
So this is one you you might hear a lot, like when students know that you're open to these conversations, you might hear this a lot.
OK, but that's coming from a very specific place and to push through it, drop the ideas, just make the say, hey, maybe you should read this or, hey, you know, here's an idea.
So how do we open up this space now?
Constant pointing out of here is where this could lead.
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: There are and paying attention and really working to see the structures around you.
Make sure I said it.
And so you don't have my sympathy if you're saying, well, but I don't care.
In , the top five invasive (and usually not covered by health insurance) plastic surgeries were nose reconstruction, eyelid surgery, face lifts, liposuction, and breast augmentation.
As Stevens said during the sentencing hearing, my parents chose to believe Larry Nassar over me.
Woman : And then, the doctor came over and said “well, sometimes babies are not quite a girl and not quite a boy.
This is going to be another.
Now you're at the Meteor, which has just this incredible storytelling platform.
You're not a man.
For the most part, gender is really our ourselves and how we feel about ourselves.
I forgot that this wasn't a chat.
that man over there says that women need to be helped into carriages, and lifted over ditches, and to have the best place everywhere.
Let's just locker room talk.
You know, this, it evolves, everything evolves, and it's always changing.
It's a conversation we care very much about.
But the reason that I think people didn't talk about it that way is because it was embodied and embedded within women's bodies.
It's not necessarily focused.
So thank you very much for participating in the writing portion of our presentation.
• Many campuses host annual Take Back the Night marches, Pride Weeks, Transgender Remembrance Days, and other events like V-Day with The Vagina Monologues.
So here we go.
In addition, the girls are able to meet women filmmakers and form lasting relationships that help them to develop a critical lens of what they see in the media and how they can change perceptions of gender.
Colleen Clemens: How many more do we not know about how many things there were?
In my own village, there is still no secondary school for girls.
That's what that means.
So do your homework no matter where you are in this process.
Perhaps most recently, women in Iran began to protest being harassed by “morality police” in Iran.
I mean, people really did give him a lot of criticism, but as just, oh, yeah, yeah, as they should.
Jackson Katz on masculinity in his film Tough Guise "The climactic scene where Toto pulls back the curtain to reveal a nervous, tragic man, pretending to be the great and powerful Oz, represents more than just the classic moment in American cinematic history, rather, it also gave us a metaphor for looking at masculinity in a new way.
It's just an interval, right?
They seem to think they're perfect, but then they're so, so here they have an inferiority.
In theory, Colleen Clemens: They would like women, all women to be afraid or because of it.
And I've been known to sample the occasional rose.
It is a term having to do with gender.
The conversations I want to have are how do we create more space for more ideas about what a man can be?
Page  The Trafficking Victims Protection Act defines trafficking as: • sex trafficking in which a commercial sex act is induced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person induced to perform such an act has not attained  years of age; or • the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for labor or services, through the use of force, fraud, or coercion for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery.
Gender often has to do with construct.
It was published yesterday.
You were a boy, or you were a girl, but that was then, and this…  Woman Interrupting: the next battleground transgender right.
Colleen Clemens: OK, so this is kind of like an incel primer.
Yeah, if we start there, if people start there, we might have a chance to really unpack this.
Bros come before Hoes.
Nobody likes a tattletale.
OK, so this is actually a really helpful way for you to think about this because you're, like, so confused because you're just like… Amanda Morris D’Agostino: It seems to be contradictory to me, like their motivations and their feelings seem to be contradicting each other.
Yeah, I have a slide on that.
I think that would just be easier.
You think you can rely on the police?
Woman : Well, I want to empower other women like us.
The he/she binary’s exclusionary nature harms the work feminist, transgender, genderqueer and intersex activists (among others) and their allies are doing.
In , I was introduced to now judge Thomas, by a mutual friend.
And sometimes those things don't match as well.
Links to the podcasts will take you to the full-length versions of the episode, but only the Table Talk, which is the main discussion of the podcast episode, will be relevant to the listener for the purposes of this book, so the transcriptions will only go to the end of that first segment.
Another factor restricting women’s access to education and later opportunities is largely cultural.
Woman : These are human rights violations on intersex kids’ bodies.
So like you can go home, keeps hiding from the heat this afternoon and watch that documentary.
I mean, I've been to the Girl Up summit in previous years.
From what colors are considered boy (blue) or girl (pink) colors, to what toys are deemed appropriate for girls (dolls) and boys (trucks), to what kinds of careers are encouraged for girls (teaching, nursing) and boys (engineering, construction), gender norming is a powerful way to construct children’s ideas about what girls and boys “can” and “cannot” do.
Colleen Clemens: Tear it down.
Woman : A lot of us don't even have the strength to report a crime.
OK, before I introduce us, which actually, Jason already did.
Nevertheless, th century women began pushing boundaries.
Fluid in some way.
So the first thing, and I'm not sure that I'm going to have access to this.
I would circle everybody back.
It's a term you might have heard or seen in the media in a newsfeed in a newspaper or an online news site.
So can you walk us through the idea of biological essentialism?
We don't want to know.
I think it would be the same thing.
And when somebody did, the systems fell flat anyway.
I think I had to look up scoliosexual ones, and I don't remember what it was, but maybe I'll pop over and see if I can look that.
I have a good, there's so much anger and so much just, that's the only thing I keep coming back to in my mind is there's so much anger that I'm, are these all men?
You saw a bit mode earlier.
So if you've never heard the word in before April, you are not alone.
You guys are great.
Never start a sentence with “girls don’t" or “boys don’t", unless you're talking about, like, how to treat others.
I'm going to spend some time talking about that word as well.
Even if that limiting role meant access to more power?
Dove: Campaign for Real Beauty “Sherm for Disabled And Here” by Sherm is licensed under Attribution .
And you're just on the other end of your, of her.
So is it Stoltz Fuss instead of Stoltz fuss?
Construction of maleness is what is toxic.
• Remember to engage in self-care.
Because so much of the male population was murdered, women were forced to step into leadership roles.
I'm going to write that down.
Intersex is the correct word.
On October , , militants boarded her school bus, asked her if she was Malala, and shot her in the head, neck, and shoulder.
OK, so that's good.
It was in fact August th, she told me about Judge Thomas's marriage, and I did say “congratulate him.” It is only after a great deal of agonizing consideration that I am able to talk of these unpleasant matters to anyone except my closest friends, as I've said before.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So if we're clinging to the idea that it's just these individuals, we have to start questioning the structures you have to start seeing… Colleen Clemens: Yes.
So, you know, maybe that's one thing you could do is, and don't be like, just send them sit down and just listen, go for a walk or sit in the car and be like, would you listen to this half hour with me?
They’re standing in a moment where, especially here in the U.S., but in many countries around the world, they have less rates than you and I did at their age.
The fact that anytime anybody questioned him, the answer was, well, he's a doctor.
I'm proud that we can work together.
You know, we have ideas.
After the conflict ends and men return to their normal lives, women may face hostile attitudes as both genders attempt to readjust.
These are always mutually exclusive.
Person  : So, you know, not going to say, you know, one way or another, you hunt or you don't hunt if you hunt and you eat, did you watch somebody else?
I decided to speak up .
And I think it's to me, Colleen Clemens: Well, good.
I was just then that more than four hundred schools were destroyed.
And now it's kind of become the wallpaper in the back of the room and nobody thinks about it.
And, and I do it as a survey tool on our, on our DL.
Who has done, quote, unquote in what you think is like all the right things, then you should get what you want and you are entitled to and incels believe that sex is something that you.
I felt alone for, for a long time, and I actually thought about killing myself.
In fact, I'm almost done, but go ahead.
So I saw a quick question.
Pearls, girls are soft pistols.
Colleen: No, I'm married to a man, not legitimizes anything.
Colleen: Not all because can you tell I've been willfully misunderstood throughout my career, and it's probably repeating so right, that one brand of masculinity and that there are consequences to this, that the toxicity is not just to the person who feels those things, but that often that toxicity is then manifested in action toward women, towards strangers, that that manifestation of the feeling that you are not enough, then becomes almost like an aggrieved belief that you are owed something.
I mean, it's, to me, it's not hard to see, but I understand that some people are really resisting this, and I think it's probably because of this.
It's just that they know that somebody is have their back in the school.
From  until today until today, I have seen Judge Thomas only twice.
Again, this is not just one individual acting badly.
She serves as an academic consultant for the Contemporary Literary Criticism series, where she focuses on postcolonial writing by women, for the Norton Anthology of World Literature, and Oxford University Press’s Gender Studies.
So if this is the word we're all going to use, and this is a word that they've given themselves.
And so don't resist it.
And I'm so glad it's real quick.
We have the taxonomy of gender awareness according to cis people, based on their cakes.
Happy to see you.
That's, you know, what I was told walking down the hall when a boy would like, snap my bra or harass me or does that to me, right?
And I kept texting Amanda and saying, oh, we have to add LARRY NASSAR.
Their future daughters, and we heard our alums talk about their future daughters!
This is Page  who you are.
Wonder who is going to do a massive acid attack.
Though this image depicts a white woman engaging in factory work, women of all races participated in the war effort.
Page  Colleen: I think it is just shifting that for kids, because they don’t know.
For example, in the fight against global climate change, women and men are coming together in Troika+, a group working to connect gender equity to slowing climate change.
While many of the world’s enslaved persons live in places where laws go unenforced, these people continue to be illegally bought and sold into some of the world’s most wealthy, developed countries.
So I'm gonna turn off my screen.
Once considered acceptable and used by authors such as Geoffrey Chaucer and Jane Austen, the singular they fell out of favor in style guides in the early th century.
And so, from that we get sparkles down there at the bottom.
Colleen Clemens: So dear listeners, a few months ago, we were going to do an episode on Harvey Weinstein, and that seemed to make perfect sense.
Start paying attention to the structures of power around you.
Don't you think that's a great example?
Man Speaking: No, we, that was perfect.
one of the oddest episodes I remember, was an occasion in which Thomas was drinking a coke in his office.
And I think at the heart of it is really their agency, their rights, their voices, them being able to tap into their power, wield their power, and for us to all pay attention, listen to it and respect it.
Oh, so it’s there.
Breaking the Cycle of Poverty Many women work long, hard hours with little to no compensation and no formal recognition of their labor.
So I would say, okay, for one thing that maybe you could do is if you are in a conversation and somebody says, Well, when's men's History month or where's men's studies department, sit down and listen to this half hour with them.
The misogynist tendencies and mass shooters become afterthoughts rather than predictable and dark warnings.
And like, what is it that they're not?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino:…is really, it's essential for all of us to, yes, grapple with that complexity, Colleen Clemens: and it's lazy and those who are doing that right, who are doing ad hominem attacks.
One of the biggest areas of inequality is in reproductive and sexual health.
I want more of them in the places where the decisions are mean being made about them.
Sojourner Truth’s “Ain’t I a Woman” Performed by Kerry Washington Watch Kimberlé Crenshaw on YouTube - closed captioned The urgency of intersectionality | Kimberlé Crenshaw Page  In “There is No Hierarchy in Oppression,” Black feminist Audre Lorde explains the importance of intersectionality before Crenshaw even coined the term: I cannot afford the luxury of fighting one form of oppression only.
But we need them now.
Font Book (Version .
Colleen: My hope is it's not… Person : To someone agree.
So which is it?
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that “Black women are three times more likely to die from a pregnancy-related cause than White women.
I think, you know, we just heard from some of our, our girl at alums who, who started this journey ten years ago, and it was about education, awareness, fairness, right?
So this piece was directly about the Harvey Weinstein piece, but it has evergreen quality to it.
And if you don't, you might be a fag.
It is time to take action.
This is not because women are less capable or less skilled, but is largely a matter of inequity.
Some of you maybe came to the session about allyship.
Quality education that does not discriminate between genders benefits everyone.
Because they, well, and whatever they say is, and because they are seen then as, like having power.
And then over the course of several months, stories continue to break.
Amanda: The microphone wanted a bagel.
So this is a really easy way to remember this.
So like enacting eating disorders or, you know, or policing our own bodies, whereas toxic masculinity does seem to have an element of going beyond one's own body and out, like into the world for violence, but external, exactly.
We hear a lot about how we are founded in JudeoChristian beliefs.
in English Education at DeSales University while teaching twelfth grade English in the public system.
So some terms having to do with trans folk, trans man or transwoman.
Like this is connected to ideas about masculinity, that men aren't naturally this way.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yeah.
He just picked that sorority because they're pretty, right?
But not everybody can commit to going to a rally, or you know calling their congressional representative every day, or you know working with you know troubled youth.
Aaron asked a good question, and I again.
It's a losing game, just like femininity, right?
Questions to Consider • What does gender mean?
This Page  award is not just for me.
Closed Captioning accurate on YouTube What would happen if a baby were raised without gender norms?
So I was pregnant once and was asked a lot of times what I was having, and my answer was always, I'm having a feminist.
Return to “Terminology” Page  “Gender according to the Cis, based on their cakes” Transcript  A cis person promised me cake in exchange for a -minute talk on this topic, so this is it.
There weren’t enough men to fill all of the factory positions, so factory owners had to hire women and children.
There's, we're looking at sort of traditionally marginalized peoples who have absolutely been damaged and hurt by systemic oppression within the structure of our government, of our educational systems, of our economic systems, the fact that we're willing to step out of our bubble, and we're trying to get other white people to step out of their bubble and just recognize, yes, this is a problem.
Take a moment and make a list of words you associate with femininity.
Somebody is just gender creative is another term.
Don't push back and say no, it just shouldn't happen.
During the latter part of my time at the Department of Education, the social pressures and any conversation of his offensive behavior ended.
You would assume, it's a father and son cleaning up the house.
Malala Yousafzai : Along with that, along with that, I'm pretty certain that I'm also the first recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize who still fights with our younger brothers .
The Role of Individual Action Support for gender equity can come from individuals, too.
Colleen Clemens: Look at the Larry Nassar story.
Colleen: So that is from, Yes, that is from a clip from a film called The Mask You Live in, which was done all about masculinity.
So you could go back and do that.
Questions of the veracity of your statement looks at you like maybe you're just making things up to cause trouble.
So I will look for that.
So those are two concepts of gender that we're all pretty Page  comfortable with, at least the knowledge of to spirit.
Kerry Washington: Well, children, where there is so much racket, there must be something at a kilter.
Yeah, that's a big question, Elizabeth.
GBV comes at a great personal and societal cost to communities.
That's where I see space for boys and thereby I can see my third device and try to get on that if we create those spaces, always.
You know wearing the aprons, they've got the mop, and the whole thing.
Well, people think that's cute.
They are very expensive.
And they are very uniquely equipped to, to help us solve it.
Those who do not own land are often more vulnerable, especially during times of famine and unrest.
Amanda: So so can you talk about, like, the idea of performance in social interactions really related to this idea that we as a culture construct gender.
Sexual is the same route as pandemic kind of across and abroad.
And even those that may feel they are mixed of both.
It is on Netflix, and you can watch it, but I think just even that little bit gives you a taste of what it might present and do a deep dive into how we talk about masculinity.
And that's like across the board, it almost doesn't even matter what their internal and personal experiences are.
Return to “Have You Ever Been Invited to a “Gender Reveal Party”?” Page  “Girl Up: The Power of Youth Leadership” Transcript Melissa Kilby: Thank you for joining us at this event.
Colleen Clemens: We love you, Rebecca Traister.
Why do people respond, especially, I mean, white people?
They're immediately emasculated and Page  feminized.
And I would argue that no one really used this term, but the feminist movement really tried to draw into account toxic femininity, right?
Colleen: For example, I have had a bunch of men now through they made it, made it through puberty, tell me that they felt obligated to try to get some or they felt obligated to talk about girls in ways that didn't make them feel good.
Supporters have taken to using the hashtag #standwithgavin to show support for the transgender community.
Neuroscientist Lise Eliot, in her book Pink Brain, Blue Brain, shows that there are very few biological differences between the brains of boys and girls.
We can't just be attacking individuals.
This conversations are important, too, can change things, because now you're spreading that net out just a little bit and using your network do it.
They'll all be telling me about what a badass he was.
No, A person is not a transgender.
I think women and men carry guns.
And this is before we knew about the part I'm going to talk about, I had tweeted something to the effect of Here we go again.
And ain't a woman?
Let this be the last time that a child loses life in war.
And I talk about this on the second day with my students.
Colleen: And the last one, he does that because he likes you.
Amanda : So as we sort of have referenced go on, nothing exists in a vacuum.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, that sounds great.
This list also represents.
And let's talk about what might be a play and never about it being because you were a boy, that weird connection between biology and and action.
Malala Yousafzai : Thank you to my mother for inspiring me to be patient and to always speak the truth which we strongly believe is the true message of Islam.
Katie Couric: We’re all a lot more complicated than we've assumed.
I think you know what we've talked about today with really good, specific spot on terminology is the best thing you can do.
On these occasions, he would call me into his office for reports on education issues and projects, or he might suggest that because of the time pressures of his schedule we go to lunch to a government cafeteria.
So when people bring up toxic masculinity very quickly, somebody might get defensive and say that you're talking about men.
It will take time to achieve some balance.
What are you, a pussy?
You know, it's that men should be able to learn to understand these things and control them, so that they don't come out in unhealthy, in unhealthy ways that I would describe as toxic masculinity.
I only, I only have two slides left, so if they can, I just, all of a sudden, like three hands went up.
It's showing up in my last news stories and things, right.
Colleen: Toxic masculinity is a brand of masculinity.
When women are provided maternal health care, they receive services that support their education in safe birthing options, nutrition, and how to identify danger signs while pregnant.
… While many novel genderneutral pronouns have been proposed, they has the advantage of already being part of the language.” Because this word is already in the language—even though many people consider its use to be incorrect—it may have more of a chance of extending gender fluidity into our language in ways that other words have fallen short.
What I will often do is look up the person and see if they have on, like their Twitter handle or something.
In my decade of teaching WGS, I have found that the human always takes precedence over the content, and so I emphasize self care and try to remind students to be gentle with themselves as they learn to question everything about themselves and their surroundings, kind of like the fish who doesn’t know it is in water until it is taken out of it, gasping for breath while it looks around at the world outside the fishbowl.
• One in two transgender individuals has been a victim of sexual assault.
But, friend, can you explain to us what that really is?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: That really annoyed me.
Is there a toxic ideal of femininity as well?
Tara: We know it hasn't been working.
Colleen Clemens: And he did.
They raise their hand.
I'm trying to ground it in, like, some of the everyday stuff that women and men might see an experience and not realize that this is an example of toxic… Colleen Clemens: denying women promotion because the work that they do is seen as gendered as, you know, like service on a campus, for example, right.
The Women’s March continues to plan activism and protests, most recently to protest the lack of reproductive health care in many states since the fall of Roe v.
It's within the context of a larger structure, Right.
If you go back in their record like the Gazette guy, he was stalking a woman.
And so we just, it's been reclaimed, just like other slurs are often reclaimed by the group that has been marginalized by that slur.
Watch Boys Video on YouTube - open captioned Nursery Rhyme: What Are Little Boys Made Of?
I have just these.
And how can we lift those up?
So that difference between the individual and the structure, I think people get really caught up in it the moment somebody hears it, and then they're like, But you're attacking me and I'm not attacking you.
What is missing is the voices of people within the field writing about the topics, voices that should be part of the course discussion.
Oh, it's called “What Men Say about #MeToo in Therapy” by Avi Klein.
Page  Whether it's homicidal violence or suicidal violence, people resort to such a desperate behavior only when they are feeling ashamed and humiliated or feel they would be if they didn't prove that they were real men.
Factory owners still did not see women as primary employees, however, and did not give women workers the same rights as men.
The only thing that's missing from this is religion.
Colleen Clemens: I’m using that word.
She has been, you know, as one of the leading feminist writers, she writes, I've been warning against these online hate groups in their propensity for real life violence for a decade.
Return to "Gender-Based Violence" Page  “Ep  INCELs” Transcript   Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Welcome to Inside .
I always say like a penis doesn't make you a bad person, right?
I am not Chris Elizabeth, which is, let's be honest, all of us.
Or chromosomes, your hormones, your genitalia, your identity, or your gender is your brain, how you feel about those, how you feel about what you are moving through the world.
While this type of activity is illegal, it often goes unnoticed or unreported.
And the other thing that you said was around really listening to girls.
Sparkles are not sports.
Gender-based violence (GBV) is prevalent around the world and affects all elements of a society.
GLSEN also has some great images.
There was no non binary flag just on the just on the badges it was on there.
Most European countries granted women the right to vote by , though some notable exceptions include France (), Belgium and Italy (), Switzerland (), and Liechtenstein ().
Colleen: That was rooted in misogyny, that there is a gendered element that if I don't start, we can't this circular about mental health.
So that, again, is somebody who doesn't feel like they have a gender, which I know can be hard to wrap your head around.
Well, how does that feel?
I don't know how to fight the wave of toxic masculinity that is putting a shirt on a two year old that says all the girls want me and stuff like that, you know, like, sexualize it.
But there's my daughter who's super girly and everybody thinks it's hysterical.
I told him that I still preferred not to do so.
How do we spare children running through that gauntlet of masculinity, when they don't want to.
What would it be like to?
I also post resources beyond the classroom and show it to them, mentioning that these resources are available /.
Rwanda offers an example of moving from a horrific conflict toward a safer and more sustainable form of governance.
I'm not pulling information from any kind of like rogue, unthoughtful sources.
If we all start doing them, that that goes… Colleen: Especially in the space of parenting well or grandparent-ing, or auntieing.
We do believe in some interaction.
I know that she could have been a very good doctor, but she couldn't because she was a girl.
I'm like, wait a minute.
Just like I think with the Black Lives Matter movement, they're not Page  saying police officers should be taken down.
It's structural, not individual, right?
A quarter of a million sexual assaults occur every year in the United States.
Page  Amanda: You can reach out to us and yeah thank you very much for your attention and coming out today.
So, I'm grateful for you, and I hope that something makes more sense now after the time we spent together.
Who want to do justice?
It's no big deal.
• How did the Industrial Revolution impact gender roles in the United States?
If we think about gender as distinct from sex, as the way someone feels as opposed to something that is biological, we can no longer excuse negative behaviors in or out of the classroom with the line, “Boys will be boys.” As The Good Men Project reminds us, toxic masculinity is “a narrow and repressive description of manhood, designating manhood as defined by violence, sex, status and aggression.” Let’s give boys more credit by deleting “boys will be boys” from our conversations.
In a world where sexism is deemed natural, you know, it's old boys will be boys.
Biological sex is your biology, your genitalia, chromosomes, homozone Page  hormones, your gender, Your idea of gender is more than just your biology.
Social constructionists use the lack of difference to illustrate that gendered behavior has little to do with biology; therefore, it must have to do with the way children are taught gender norms, lessons on what is thought to be “normal” behavior for an entire gender.
Like these little things, like my daughter has never heard the word fat in our house.
I mean, that's another way to get some information out there, Colleen: Not plug my own work, but I have three really good pieces on teaching tolerance about this that are very much meant for a non scholarly audience.
Morris D'Agostino: Toxic Masculinity” Transcript  “October , : Anita Hill Full Opening Statement (C-SPAN)” Transcript  “Sojourner Truth’s “Ain’t I a Woman” Performed by Kerry Washington" Transcript  Yousafzai  Nobel Lecture Transcript  “Ep  The #MeToo Motherlode, or, Sexual Assault in the News” Transcript  “Ep  INCELs” Transcript  Page  Gender What is Gender?
Watch Commercial on YouTube - closed captioned Gillette Commercial About Masculinity Page  Supporting Gender Equity People can address gender equity in a number of ways.
• I post on my learning management system a list of campus resources that are available for them if they feel they want to talk with someone.
Boys will be boys.
Take it to, you know, when you go to lunch with your friends and that's all of you, men and women.
So I will read to you some of what people wrote within the in cell community after the Toronto massacre.
Colleen Clemens: I think all the prevention to this is undoing toxic masculinity in the beginning of a person's life or doing the hard work of trying to have conversations about what this masculinity is doing.
So I'm going to try to take the point of the person of being representative for you all in this conversation and let Colleen sort of guide us through the rabbit holes that she delved into.
That's the difference between polyamory and cheating.
Anybody that I, you know, that has indicated that their pronoun is different.
One might quickly think of external genitalia, but the body has other markers of sex: chromosomes, hormones, and internal genitalia, for example.
Why is it important for them?
I'm like, Well, no, OK, but people get really upset when you don't tell them what you're having.
Consequently, the lower education level of these children will make it even more difficult for them to escape poverty.
I link to some of them as resources (and links may change as time passes), but please follow copyright laws if using them for your classes.
This cooperation gives members valuable life skills and knowledge that make them more self-sufficient and more likely to be able to move past poverty.
Colleen Clemens: Well, and you can see my note, like my notes, like next to each one I have, like, which structure failed in that situation, Like, it's not just one.
Now she doesn't have bangs, She's six.
Sadly, though, slave labor, while illegal, is still widely used.
I don't know what that means.
We should be calling this misogynist terrorism.
These are men who have not only been accused of sexual misconduct, but they have either resigned or been fired or experienced some other professional fallout from these accusations.
Maybe I'll come back in.
Why do you think that is?
And today I'm very happy that we are together fighting for an important cause.
• Men are incarcerated at a rate  times higher than that of women.
Women in Great Britain, provided they were over , gained the right to vote in .
And so it's just incredible to see girls just take on this moment because of course, we need them to.
To decide to be the last.
Who went through severe abuse and extreme violence?
Yeah, we're here, Girl Up is here to provide them with the skills and the training that they need to recognize where there is an opportunity to make profound change.
Colleen: This is toxic masculinity being enacted.
Activist work can be draining, so making time for yourself can help you de-stress and avoid burnout.
Paying close attention to trends in different countries can help to ensure that girls and boys are doing equally well in school.
Colleen Clemens: That’s great, and I really, and I didn't say this at the beginning and I should have said it, I'm really grateful that you wanted to spend an hour of your summer thinking about this because I think just showing up means that you and your students are lucky to have you already if you want to spend summer time doing this.
Melissa: They should already be in positions of, of equal influence.
A lot of what we're talking about today is about creating space.
You the idea of all women.
If you just came along for the ride with you and see the problem with insulting somebody's manhood as a way to try to raise yourself up, then you can, at least I hope.
So to question somebody's manhood, and therefore, by virtue of that, is trying to bring them down a peg, which is counterintuitive to me.
Some think it is still relevant while others think we have moved beyond the need for it.
Like the wine, not the label.
So you might hear, you might hear a student say, cis gender, cis, he heterosexual.
I think as educators, we have a unique opportunity to have those conversations, which is why I'm writing about this for teaching tolerance, because I’m seeing the classroom as a space and literature as a space to really talk about authentic.
You know, there's all different kinds of surgeries.
Those terms have to do with biology.
And sometimes that doesn't fit with how the person feels.
Like women being afraid to be together or anybody like these are not the, anybody could be part of this.
Again, these are just ideas we have about this gender neutral.
Colleen Clemens: All right.
Having taught in a public school, I know that they're often a controversial idea.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, yeah.
She went to the police and made a report against Nassar.
However, when advanced technology was introduced to improve food systems in certain areas (e.g., the plough), women’s labor shifted from outside the home to the domestic space.
The Convention was created in  and over time it has been signed and ratified by  countries.
What I did is said, what if it's neither?
But don't resist this shift.
How do you scale it?
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucretia Mott, Sojourner Truth, and Susan B.
Women were voting in most Asian countries by .
However, those contents do not necessarily represent the policy of the Department of Education, and you should not assume endorsement by the Federal Government.
This is full and complete.
Education went from being a right to being a crime.
It's a gradation of asexuality, but they're scoliosexual right there.
So these words, I think we’ve probably talked about.
So the L is for lesbian.
Two hundred and fifty four Lytle Hall at Kutztown University, where they love to talk shop in a fun and approachable way.
This is for The New York Times.
What is it that we that as individuals in this larger structure, What, And so if I can, so hopefully to end on a little bit of a pause that I don't think after this, there are things that all of us can do a little small about this.
But I wanted you to hear these words, at least and know that they're out there.
Show your school that these events are worth their efforts and funding.
Trump: Yeah, that’s her.
And, yes, Larry Nassar is the, is the villain here.
But I think what a lot of people hear, and I say people, because I don't know it could be men.
In order to build a sustainable future, people of all genders must be included in solutions and decision-making for improved economic, social, and environmental well-being.
And then you're just gross, Just gross.
So I are you.
(I wish I could say “gender,” but locker and bathroom laws still need to be legislated fairly in many states).
Again, one brand of masculinity.
So this was a term I said I would make sure I would get to to spirit is a term within Indigenous communities.
In Ethiopia, a World Bank pilot project tested a simple change to land title forms: space for a second name and picture was added to the form, allowing two people to jointly be listed as landowners.
I guess I don't know… Colleen Clemens : I can give you a definition… Amanda Morris D’Agostino : a basic definition.
And like, so people who feel like men are now being devalued and I will talk about that in a sec.
But those who already have something believe they are entitled to it.
Person  : Yeah.
We did it in the seventies, eighties, the nineties, the odds, like we have beaten that everybody knows at this point that there are oppressive ideas about femininity.
I knew she was a girl.
How are males and females portrayed?
So some folks it identifies can be the same as that word preferred.
And now, you know, a little bit more.
We can make spaces for all genders one sentence at a time, thanks to the resurgence of the singular they.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
Page  Questions to Consider • How would you define feminism?
So I don't know.
It is all there.
This is a web of systems that are upholding one person who is enacting these terrible things.
Her speech is about intersectionality, even though that term would not come into being for another  years!
For example, boys are % more likely to drop out of school in the United States than are girls.
When she was ten years old, she began writing anonymously for the British Broadcasting Corporation about what it was like to live in the Swat Valley that Taliban militants were slowly taking over.
And so thinking about this idea of hope, right?
He couldn't just say, Colleen: And if he didn’t, he’d be mocked.
Page  We have wheeler shoe is a very common thing.
Like if somebody says they're trans, they're trans.
Questions to Consider • What are personal ways to address gender-based inequities?
Almost % of you have pain and anger in the back of that paper.
Because no girl child comes out of the body of its mother, programmed to think it's fat.
Because they've just lived in the world differently.
When I'm writing, I don't use the singular.
You just have this belief that somebody is like, naturally bad and nothing will ever change.
Like there's an actual process you have to go through.
And I think maybe also talking about it with people increasing awareness about the problem, reading more like you've got reams of paper and talk and all this stuff.
The first thing that we need to talk about is that rape is about power, not about sex.
This is where I will begin.
It’s important to remember that this “short film” is an advertisement meant to gain attention for a product.
Oh, that's right, yeah, intellect.
The difference between structural and individual.
The Page  first, was an article I wrote for judge Thomas's signature on the education of minority students.
She was put on a registry of women to target.
If they're out there, they need to be at it.
They might be pushed toward careers seen as more “feminine” which are often lower paying—such as social work and teaching—and steered away from higher paying careers in science and math which are often seen as more “masculine” positions within gender norms, a divide written about as early as  when women were entering workforces deemed “men’s” spaces.
I was like, that much goes dark.
It's Page  men and women.
So polyamory is multiple partners, um, with consent.
Page  Table of Contents About PA-ADOPT  About OER  About the Author  Some Notes for Students  Key Concepts  Some Notes for Teachers  Table of Contents  Gender  What is Gender?
So if I can Page  read to you a little bit from an article from Baffler by Angela Nagel, and it's thirty seven pages like, this is a, for real.
I think I'll be able to see it.
Because they are separated by sex and/or gender, locker rooms are often regarded as spaces where people can “let loose” and “be themselves.” For students, locker rooms can become places to study what it means to be one’s sex.
Colleen: We were invited here to talk about why this might be an issue to you as an audience.
But it's not going to happen overnight.
So the example I just gave is if I were born biologically biological sex, women, cross trans, man.
This kind of confusion leads to hurt feelings and anger in discussions about gender, so being clear to separate the structural from the individual is important.
Questions to Consider • What does the phrase “the personal is political” mean to you?
So, I'm really appreciative of that and I just wanted to mention it.
I am white .
BECAUSE I believe with my wholeheartmindbody that girls constitute a revolutionary soul force that can, and will change the world for real.
Many campuses have chapters of FMLA.
in Post-Colonial Literature with a certificate in Gender Studies at Lehigh University.
I'd like to thank my parents for their unconditional love.
So biological sex is sex assigned at birth.
When they talk about women, can you give us a couple of examples of what they say?
Who is LAUREN BOOKER, CNN.
Also, my sisters here whom I have met during my mala fun campaign.
So these are some little moves.
And their biology does not necessitate that they speak about women in vulgar ways.
But they really see this as like they're being forced to be celibate involuntarily because women aren't giving them what they are entitled to you, which is sex.
So that phrase, I mean, that phrase is super popular.
You're kind and encouraging.
In certain places around the world, when girls are able to stay in school they often do not receive the same quality of education as their male counterparts.
Practically everything is about gender to them though.
The Self Employed Women’s Association (SEWA) of India seeks to change that, at least in India.
• Become a member of and volunteer for a social justice organization on your campus or in your community.
I created a folder on my computer of all my backgrounds so I wouldn’t need to seek them out every day.
So here's all right.
Many children in Africa do not have access to education because of poverty.
Those kinds of phrases are part of that toxic masculinity structure.
Shit, I don't know where this goes.
Don't listen to other people saying that you suck at a game because you, you know, you, you chose something that they didn't do.
We look at what we're doing here.
When women are able to get loans for activities like these, their families benefit from increased opportunity and they contribute to the larger economy.
OK, we talk about this a lot on our podcast, and we actually talk a lot about it in the various classes that we both teach.
We don't need to have competitions.
Nobody really called it that.
This solution allows for both gender equity (women will be safer because they will not need to seek out firewood; men will be able to find better land on which their animals can graze) and environmental sustainability (the stoves are more efficient and will not burn wood, allowing the land to recover from overgrazing and drought).
But certainly when I was growing up, when I was the age of a Girl Up advisor, there is no way that I had this sense of sort of ownership over what stamp I wanted to make on the world, let alone how my contribution would be connected to so many other girls and leaders around the world.
in January of , I began looking for another job.
He told me that he was pleased with all of it except for an article in speech that I had done for him while we were at the office for civil rights.
Back to you, Halle.
Page  Colleen Clemens: So this is the problem is that in in the nineteen nineties, you just didn't get laid and you just moved on.
That's how that logic works.
But more as this girl, we raise our boys never to have a better opportunity.
So you have to, you have to, as uncomfortable as it is, you have to embrace that and start talking about it as it's part of the problem so that we can try to reverse it.
I think I'm gonna talk about these.
So typical for non.
These stories are, in many cases old, and there are reasons they were not told before that.
You can do anything.
But these one track brands of gender identity that are really coming into question now.
It means I'm five foot only.
Page  Colleen Clemens: It is a very simple segment, but they keep an, but they keep.
And then we fast-forward to today, and it is those actual leaders who are now facing their rights being reversed, rolled back, a climate crisis that we saw coming but weren't really talking about ten years ago.
Person : I'm looking for the same opportunities that my peers enjoy every single day, and that includes using the same restroom.
Watch ZinnEd Project on YouTube.
And it's not saying that there's some man behind the curtain, like in The Wizard of Oz who's plotting and planning on this.
OK, so this is like, again, this is really reductive and we can talk about each of these things for an hour.
What, what can we, What can we, can we do?
But they also bring joy, and I think that's also what's kept me going for so many years in this case.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Can I?
What are little girls made of?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: You know, I'm glad that you articulated it that way because I thought that was a very good articulation.
Ha, nobody ever helps me into carriages, over mud puddles, or gives me any best place.
However, only half of women worldwide have access to prenatal care, an improvement, albeit a slow one.
I'm gonna get to that term, but I'm gonna read this because I think this is really important.
So that's where the term cis gender comes from.
Satirical Video About Gender Reveal Parties Page  People who follow biological essentialism believe gender comes from biology.
But it is not where I will stop.
Maternal Health When women do well, their children are healthier.
CEDAW offers a way to challenge discriminatory laws against women and girls.
I was reared in a religious atmosphere, in the Baptist faith, and I have been a member of the Antioch Baptist Church in Tulsa Oklahoma since .
I hope the sticks that kill us.
And really, I think conversation being toxic, right?
So my argument, and also, I think it's bad for everybody because then when somebody tries to fill in that void in those deep moments where somebody is feeling like a failure, and I think I would argue that everybody is going to feel like a failure in these rigged games, that they'll take down anybody.
It's not about binaries.
However, behavior is not prescribed by testosterone.
I'm cis gender, white, heterosexual woman.
If we're in a culture that doesn't value caring, doesn't value relationships, doesn't value empathy, you are going to have boys and girls, men and women go crazy.
In year two thousand and fifteen.
And I think what you'll notice that was like, beholden.
There’s one about INCELs.
I do think that's the most important thing that we can do, because these guys who are saying this and thinking that they can just kill all women or just have sex with them one or the other.
(In the first  edition of Elements, Strunk ruled that he was the default unless the antecedent was feminine.) Chart provided by Forge (Online PDF Gender neutral Pronouns Chart) Page  Later, the feminist movement of the s asked writers to consider the deferral to masculine pronouns to represent all people.
So I want to hear your thoughts about how leadership and activism are going to help actually create the change that we want to see when it comes to gender justice, which I think is a slightly different idea than, perhaps what you and I were talking about ten plus years ago, which I think is a really good thing.
She writes that this is a mistake that ignores the preventable way these men's fear and anger are deliberately cultivated and fed online.
It's saying that throughout time we have culturally come to represent toxic masculinity as this is the way to be a man.
I had never heard the term incel prior to the Toronto incident.
And we all move on because people seem to be really curious or assume that somebody has to have surgery, or there's some need for surgery or hormones for legitimacy.
For many secondary students, school is where they find themselves in a locker room for the first time.
The argument I get when I try to disrupt that.
The belief that women are denying these men because they are involuntarily celibate.
Oh, that's my questioning their man coverage.
"I've been through college Page  for two and a half years, more than that, actually, and I'm still a virgin.
Historically, BIPOC (Black, Indigenous, People of Color) people’s voices have been left out of the conversations.
We can walk together and show the world.
But just, I'm hesitant to use it.
Man : And I use he/him/his.
The next major shift in economic roles started with the two great wars in the beginning of the th century.
I am allowed to feel feelings.
That's who made that beautiful image.
If you're told from day one “Don't let nobody disrespect, you” and “This is the way you handle it as a man.” Respect is linked to violence.
So just be compassionate with yourself, Take breaks from listening, whatever you need to do.
In , just over half of management and professional positions in the United States were held by women.
Man : There are areas in the brain that correlate with gender identity.
So sexuality can be made up of a lot of different things.
I wanted to pull out some quotes from this one article that I read by Rebecca Traister.
Because of social terrorists, or they have been forced into child marriage or into child labor.
And she writes this great piece that says, stop telling us how to confront an epidemic of violence and abuse.
You've led this organization for over a decade, which is, I believe when we first met you and I, and that entire time, you've been just steeped in the lives of girls.
I mean, I have men in line shutdown.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
But he said to me one day and this just says it.
And there are more folks that identify as asexual than you would realize.
I will continue this fight until I see every child, every child in school.
I am grateful for you.
And now she thinks that's something she's supposed to say, right?
Sparkles are kind of like the Australia of gender.
If you want some more examples of this kind of language, this user's name is Mike Pence.
I think we just need to.
And it's, it's a daily, I think resistance.
Generally, these studies suggest that the gendered nature of the workplace may have similar effects on trans men and trans women as men and women.” Transgender employees express concern about “coming out” at work at a rate of almost % and fear their identity can affect their economic status.
Toxic masculinity is a brand of masculinity.
I mean, it sounds crazy.
Amanda: I love that answer.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
The rebellion doesn't always have to be violent.
It reflects our culture and our constructions of identity.
A different woman went to the police.
We don't have a chat.
Her entire  years of teaching have been dedicated to ensuring all students are heard and valued.
Something is wrong with you.
They, most folks I know who are trans knew by the time they were five, that they felt not OK in their bodies.
Photo by Alexander Grey on Unsplash Page  The singular they is quickly gaining more and more attention in the media and writing and teaching circles for its inclusive nature.
And so when you don't get that, you are aggrieved because you are entitled to it.
In Guatemala, Girl Up helped create a peer education program in which girls learned to teach health education to their friends.
And teaching those two terms early on and putting using them correctly in conversation is super important.
Colleen Clemens: Here is a man crying in public.
Like I identify as a narwhal, like, swear to God.
Colleen Clemens: Yeah, exactly.
They’ve been forced to wear this mask for so long, so now you have to do this, like all this unshed work to realize that, No, I'm not a terrible person.
It doesn't mean you're a bad person at all.
Babies that do survive have a good chance of being born prematurely with a low birth weight and a higher risk of contracting HIV/AIDS.
They're, they're enacting gender.
One is biological essentialism and the which you kind of touched on a little bit.
Fluidity is the thing, right?
Colleen Clemens: It’s part of sex and gender.
And I think it would replace a lot of this.
Transcripts for all of the audio texts can be found the appendix.
It is certainly a term that is used for, like, queer studies.
Indigenous communities are most affected by this violence as men and women work together to save their land from mining, poachers, Watch UN Video on YouTube - closed captioned.
So never feel like you should already know this because the other day, for example, one of my students came out on Facebook and I could tell she was coming out as something, but I didn't know what the flag was or even what that was.
And I remember the first time I heard it.
I think there's a level of self actualization required that, you know, most children don't have yet, and teenagers might not have kids in college might not have, Maybe by the time, as an adult, you can eschew those gender norms.
Because we hear this word bandied about a lot.
It's a portmanteau word for female and humanoid.
Person : And, and about, first of all, you know, we stuffed our feelings for for so long and, or we're told that we aren't allowed to have feelings, to even get to the point where we can figure out what they are is a huge challenge.
I love that you started out, frankly by talking about the experience of alums and the conversation that you've been able to have with them ten years on plus, and how now they're entering their careers, going on to continue incredible heights of education and having them look back.
He uses the phrase to address the unhappiness of incels.
These rights include such things as voluntary choice in marriage and determining the number of children to have.
The idea that he is deserving that women should date him, and because women didn't date him, he is going to just generalize and take down other women in the name of that.
But when we unpack this comment, we see that it perpetuates negative ideas about what we expect from our boys, particularly when it comes to aggression.
What is it they call it?
Watch Gender Reveal Video on YouTube-closed captioned.
But gender fluidity is about the fact that these things evolve and change with our genders, and sometimes they don't.
I imagine we agree that we maybe wish they didn't have to fight so hard to be honest, and that the world was a different kind of place where their leadership and their skills and their brilliance were already valued in the way that they should be.
Watch Discussion on YouTube.
But, yeah, to, to de-gender it and just person, it just like pronouns.
He wants me to resign, because he knows he catch beat me in , what kind of man is that question?
In my  years as a teacher, I have heard “boys will be boys” more times than I can count, most often during discussions of a boy’s behavior.
So this, this kind of systematic shaming and discouraging of women.
So just so we, I hope that you appreciate the terrible, terrible rabbit holes that we go down often to bring up to the light, the things that you need to know and we dig down for them.
Right, Boss driving Donald Trump frames himself that way, that very forceful, like, I know, the dismissiveness of that could be.
They're more likely to become aggressive.
But honestly, if somebody says boys will be boys to me, I always say, I think boys can be better than that, that’s all I say.
A biosocial theorist would see both elements of biological essentialism and social construction as important to gender formation.
I will get to that.
I was happy I was able to help with the last one too, and this was just as good.
I am the youngest of  children.
Because of these disparities in pay equity, the United Nations “identified the eradication of the persistent and increasing burden of poverty on women as one of the  critical areas of concern requiring special attention and action by the international community, governments and civil society” in their  Platform for Action adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women.
Can I interject a question?
Thank you to everyone for your continued support and love.
So that's what that term means.
I just want to.
They're fired up for each other.
And there's all these nuances to what that means and a lot of that false reporting.
That's when you were like, why don't they want to kill Chad?
And what we're trying to do is get you think about it when we say these things.
But they felt like they had to do that because if they didn't, their masculinity would be questioned.
There's more to it.
Its that people's gender isn't necessarily fixed.
I have on at least three occasions been asked to ask as a conduit to him for others.
This is not biological.
Here are a few of the assertions they made in their manifesto—you can see how they are calling for an intersectional approach to activism, within the music community and beyond: Watch Opening Statement on YouTube - Read the Opening Statement Transcript Anita Hill’s Full Opening Statement: October ,  Page  RIOT GRRRL MANIFESTO BECAUSE doing/reading/seeing/hearing cool things that validate and challenge us can help us gain the strength and sense of community that we need in order to figure out how bullshit like racism, able-bodieism, ageism, speciesism, classism, thinism, sexism, anti-semitism and heterosexism figures in our own lives.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yeah, right.
You can still be a man.
So you mow down women.
What might be some gender norms connected to masculinity?
Like everything's changing, it can be cumbersome to have it in the email.
Let's really solidify their identity as a leader.
Okay, I will say that in  is when this is when I started making the connections to my work and these incidents, OK, so in two thousand and fourteen, I don't know if you remember, but, Elliott, Roger is the one who went to UCSB University of California, Santa Barbara, went to a sorority house and shot it up.
And people that have even, I always say there's not some man behind the curtain like saying, Well, let's be patriarchal today, right?
We did a great job.
He pressed me to justify my reasons for saying no to him.
So asexuality is something that people are talking more and more about.
He insisted that this penetration was medically necessary.
Amanda : But they do exist Colleen: We cannot deny that there is a gendered element to some of these mass killings.
And, and the work that we have done that lets us see the power of letting girls lead us to where they want to go.
It would brighten my day if the majority of the victims were young cunts, like the ones I encountered on that trip.” Also written was “It's a foid.
But for the most part, is there something else to this conversation?
Women in developing countries are disproportionately affected by the negative impacts of substandard health care.
And then I kind of realized what I need to do is be foundational first.
He needs a pen.
Do not discount the main argument in these texts simply because some of the language feels emotional.
However, there are many countries where millions still suffer from the very old problems of war, poverty and injustice.
I mean, that, that this incredibly reductive, dangerous, terrifying vision of the world.
It's really important and powerful to remember that there's joy in this work, and that's, that's also what the girls bring to it.
However, such language did not take into account that not every “body” is sexed in that “either/or” way.
I think he said to me the other day the most strange thing where I was trying to help him deal with an emotion.
Toxic masculinity is all part of it.
He did you have the.
He does that because he likes you, right?
And the second was to speak up and then be killed.
That's biological essentialism, the idea that women are somehow biologically, essentially different than men, which they're not, except for their biology, their parts, and that boys are biologically, essentially geared toward violence, which I also don't think is true.
Just think about the need.
But there are also extreme examples.
Oh, wait, what is, I've seen some comments.
So if you see here those like syllables, that's what they're doing.
And that's how I grew up, too.
And a two spirit person is who within Indigenous communities would draw from both.
White feminists still took most of the limelight during this time, even though women from all races and ethnicities were participating in feminist action.
I'm just looking at these little words to make sure.
Women don't give it to me.
I don't use identify very much.
Colleen Clemens: But I think I think about what you just said, though, is like if you're still willfully, like not buying into the fact that this is a bigger issue than one bad actor, then you are now part of the problem, like, honestly, you got to get on board, because also, if you really just believe that, like one person is deeply evil, then nothing will ever change.
And then, obviously, Colleen mentioned, you know, parents of young boys in particular, I don't know if they're already here, but parents of young boys in particular can really having, like their Page  by making those different choices in how you speak to your young boys.
The feminization of poverty is an issue that affects all members of a community, and communities must commit to the support and education of all children if pay equity is ever going to come to be.
If you go back to the shooting of the girls, remember all that years ago.
I just know that as I listen to the trans community, that's what I see.
They're saying a system of oppression that allows black men to be shot without thought and with abandon is what needs to be torn down.
But somebody might be pan and not necessarily have any kind of sexual relations with somebody of the other gender.
But toxic masculinity is one way of wearing the mask, like in that of masculinity.
in post-colonial literature at Lehigh University.
That's the argument I would make.
And this is part of it.
You don't need to read the small print.
So this would be an example of that rigid, one line way to be a woman, in this case, to be a wife, for the most part.
It's the way we think about gender.
Their heart and their feelings.
Page  Man Speaking: I put a link for your last presentation to the chat.
The Washington Post uses it: “The Post drops the ‘Mike’ - and the hyphen in ‘e-mail'”.
So some terms you may have heard a gender would, again be somebody who.
But I guess specifically when you made the example of an individual who hates women so much that I hope remote incidents where they actually include homicide, I'm saying that person doesn't even belong on this toxic matter.
So this patriarchal system of family and this buying into what is legitimate is this male doctor, and he was able to convince an entire group of people that what he was doing was medically sound.
Her dissertation focuses on issues of veiling in literature and studies, the intersection of women's issues in art and politics.
Colleen Clemens: In cells, not all incel.
So to me, this is an easy way to talk about it.
And I think that may be a really great way to think about this.
Suggested Readings • The Combahee River Collective, “A Black Feminist Statement” • Gloria Anzaldúa, “La Conciencia de la Mestiza/ Towards a New Consciousness” • Angela Davis, “Masked Racism: Reflections on the Prison Industrial Complex” • Women’s March, “Guiding Vision and Definition of Principles” • Sojourner Truth, “ Speech” • Beenash Jafri, “Not Your Indian Eco-Princess: Indigenous Women's Resistance to Environmental Degradation” Page  Gender Equity While media, education, and culture play a role in creating gender dynamics, other systems (i.e., policies and laws) also contribute to the ways we think about gender.
Colleen Clemens: So, I'm going to explain all of those things.
On January , , almost half a million people marched though the streets of Washington, D.c.
He's allowed out to heal.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: I didn't know his name, but, yes, I remember these.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So toxic mass to me, to scholars, let's just talk.
And it's also super ridiculous that they think like women’s bodies.
Whether sex workers, New York Times pays this guy every week.
Colleen Clemens: Right, To see it they are effective.
Second of all, what I do is say, no, I actually think boys can be better than this because when you hear that, it's being used as an excuse for a boy doing something that's poor behavior.
And I think that Steve is asking, right?
So to get swept up in the wave, I'm fine with that.
Like this is the thing that a lot of us in the feminist academic community have been trying to draw to light through different terminology.
So this makes students feel safe.
We're fighting against the foundations of what people, some people say, that our country is founded on these kinds of beliefs.
One was to remain silent and wait to be killed.
It's always one of the highlights of the summer.
Colleen Clemens: So they're not saying that all lives don't matter.
What do the following people have in common?
You know, I always say I want to talk about patriarchal, heterosexist, capitalist, misogynist structures.
And really quickly, there's no such thing as a preferred pronoun.
The conversations about you can just let it send.
In the course of this conversation, she asked me how long I was going to be in town, and I told her.
If you find that some populations do not have access to contraception, work with community or campus officials to increase distribution levels and accessibility.
I think you and I have been changed and profoundly affected by the work that we've been able to do with girls.
Amanda: It's showing every year.
So “please be true.
Not just the politicians and the world leaders.
I think that twixt the Negroes of the south and the women at the north all talk about rights.
Several people who had killed themselves?
And the thing is, that's not really how we live.
Okay, so why did?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yeah, they were like that acronym for men going their own way and they're part of the man.
We need to Page  be working together to be tearing down systems.
I shit you not.
And then I wanted to open it up to the audience, and I'm going to come out here and find out.
Read Terminology lecture transcript.
Amanda : Excellent example.
Colleen Clemens: So finding ways to, I call it ghetto wizing, but finding ways to, like, get a wise femininity, things that are things that are seen as feminine, mentoring, nurturing, seeing.
She shared her father’s love for learning.
I was very uncomfortable with the idea and told him so.
Colleen Clemens: OK, so I think, Amanda, you are like most folks that never heard that term until April of twenty eighteen, after the Toronto van rampage.
You chose a strategy that they didn't do.
And one of the things that Tiffany said was, was joy is an act of resistance, right?
Like people don't fail.
That man in the back there, he says “Women can't have as much rights as men, cuz Christ wasn't a woman.” Well, where did your Christ come from?
Some of them are hard to explain because they get so bump up next to each other.
So we're not just fighting against biblical beliefs.
Words associated with femininity might be: • Quiet • Demure • “Sassy” • Domestic • Physically weaker than men Remember, gender norms are different than the characteristics of specific women you know—we separate the personal and individual from the structural.
she did so, in March of .
And when I met you, I didn't have to be that person.
But, you know, there's a lot to think about with pro.
Asexual is not having any attraction to anyone, and we'll talk.
Reel Grrls teaches teenage girls skills related to animation, Page  cinematography, scriptwriting, and other elements of film.
The, a binary is either or fluidity is both.
So the idea that there is only one way to be a man in this country because gender constructs change throughout cultures, the only one way to be a man is to not show emotion, to think that you must be heterosexual.
Return to “Third-Wave Feminism” Page  “Sojourner Truth’s “Ain’t I a Woman” Performed by Kerry Washington" Transcript  Man: In  the black abolitionist and former slave Sojourner Truth spoke to a gathering of feminists in Akron, Ohio.
When we talk about toxic masculinity, we are doing so out of love for the boys and men in all of our lives.
Page  “He Does That Because He Likes You” I am in junior high school.
Malala Yousafzai : And.
So we may use the term androgynous for that, but it might not for them be the same thing.
Some of these include: ✦ The Trevor Project: Get started by texting ‘START’ to - or go to their website where you can chat with a counselor ✦ Suicide and Crisis Lifeline: Dial  ✦ National Sexual Assault Hotline: Call ..HOPE () to be connected with a trained staff member from a sexual assault service provider in your area ✦ For a fuller list of online and phone resources, you can visit this list of support hotlines.
I remember his saying that someday I would have to tell him the real reason that I wouldn't go out with him.
He says, Do not harm yourself or others.
And so therefore, here's an opportunity where we will show you and let you feel man enough.
And even though it's part of my job, I forget to.
A boy snaps my bra in the hallway.
And so I've been led by them.
A lot of my students don't know how to take the mask off.
Because they are both the tool and the solution.
Page  Colleen: We’ve heard worse.
Perhaps the best way to learn about feminism is with an historical perspective— specifically for the purposes of this text the history of the United States and Britain, even though all corners of the world have expressions of feminism.
Social construction ideas Watch Girls Video on YouTube - open captioned Nursery Rhyme: What Are Little Girls Made Of?
I had my early education in Okmulgee County.
The bottom line is men have been given the benefit of the doubt since the beginning of humanity.
Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton Page  First-Wave Feminism When one thinks of first-wave feminism, one might think of suffrage or voting rights, abolition—when feminists were not simply focused on the rights of white women—and working rights (some of this history is discussed later in this text in more depth).
They're sex reveal parties.
From middle school I had four really close friends.
We have reached the wound forty five years ago.
Our culture has to gender, this tiny little thing that really just thinks about eating, sleeping and pooping for a good six months.
It's important because it normalizes that practice, and it takes the onus and the labor off trans folk to have to do all that work.
I've blissfully not erase.
And things like that, and I always look at them and I go, who is this person?
So that was all about gender.
So what I and most feminist scholars ascribe to now is that gender is a social construction that mostly other than biological parts.
You are not a bad person, but also then trying to say all lives matter devalues the actual systemic oppression of a group telling me that a woman's march should be an all person's march devalues and takes away that specific focus on a structural system of oppression that I want to slowly tear down.
It is not time to pity them.
And I think that what I really get from our young leaders is that they are in it and they're in it for each other and they're in it for everybody, right?
They're performing it to use Judith Butler's right.
What I mean by that is I am learning along with you some of these words I didn't even know ten years ago.
They're lost, They're gone.
Return to “Femininity” Page  “Ep  Toxic Masculinity” Transcript   Colleen Clemens: Welcome to Inside .
Woman : She would need surgery.
It was coercive, right?
• In , the ratio of men dying by suicide to women dying by suicide was :.
Educating girls can be instrumental to improving gender equality, and it has additional beneficial impacts, such as supporting economic growth.
Page  Amanda: Okay.
Colleen Clemens: Thank you.
And she goes from tent to tent encouraging girls and boys to learn.
BECAUSE we hate capitalism in all its forms and see our main goal as sharing information and staying alive, instead of making profits of being cool according to traditional standards.
I mean, I don't even want to call it exams.
It's, it's putting it in the.
So it will be private.
Where he has to wait, I don't know how you old your husband is now, but how do you, until he's at that point where he can be, like they wanted to do, right.
That's the important part.
Katie Couric Narration: There's evidence that seems to show trans brains are in fact different.
The Language of Activism,” Colleen Clemens • “Disrupting Rape Culture Through Education,” Colleen Clemens • “ Ways to Be an Ally & a Friend” Page  Appendix “Gender Revolution” Trailer Transcript  Katie Couric Narration: It used to be so simple.
So again, a different piece of that structure at MSU that is supposed to support and protect these young athletes failed a girl.
Person : I use they/them/their.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right or all the way to.
And then gender attribution is what others put upon you.
Colleen: because I think it's a super important, because that is not all about mental health, right?
And that from before they were born, however, through gender reveal parties or that they have already had gender inscribed upon them.
But that's what that term means.
But at the same time, you know, I, I don't want to try to prescribe a certain type of behavior to anyone, as as they grow up but balancing those two things.
That's one of those ones that I was talking about.
This short film is based on a story that imagines just that!
Women participate in resistance to political strife in many contexts.
But not all women around the world have access to maternal health care, or the health care women receive during pregnancy, childbirth, and after.
And that's what I think is starting to really build is this sense of being girl centered, girl focused and really led by girls.
But, you know, using myself as an example.
I am heterosexual .
I'm just along for the ride.
There are many theories about how gender or ideas about gender are formed.
It was like tricking women into sleeping with them.
Tara: I think there's limitless potential in that.
I was handicapped because I feared that if he found out you might make it difficult for me to find other employment, and I might be dismissed from the job I had.
But in this moment, I don't.
International This file has been extracted from another file: Shinzō Abe and Malala Yousafzai ().jpg Watch Nobel Prize Speech on YouTube - read Nobel Prize speech transcript Malala Yousafzai’s Nobel Prize Speech Page  tried to stop Malala, but she survived to continue her mission of speaking for girls everywhere.
That is a psychopath.
And it, it falls under that bisexual umbrella.
After the good work feminism did to try to find better ways to teach girls about their options, men began to take notice and apply those same gender-construct theories to their own experience.
So in terms you maybe have heard before, butch or femme.
But this is a serious problem if we're trying to expand the ways that boys can be boys, but then we keep shrinking it back down in such a public forum, I would argue, has deep and serious ramifications for us culturally if we're going to move the bar.
On, as I recall, the last day of my employment at the EEOC in the summer of , I did have dinner with Clarence Thomas.
I was like, kid in the seventies, and it would be, I think that would be.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, so if we go back to what's a chad?
Thank you for your attention to that.
What that means is my biological sex and my gender line up cis line.
So one thing I know, I said I wasn't going to talk about allyship, and I just did it there, right?
I’m just, I'm so grateful for your partnership and friendship and that we've been able to do this work together for so many years.
That might be scoliosket, skeletal, actual.
They can happen at different times or gender affirming medical care.
The PA-ADOPT project addresses gaps in the open eTextbook marketplace, improve student learning, and mitigate rising student costs.
Saying something is locker room talk, which is just the equivalent of saying boys will be boys, except they're older now, and they can be in a locker room.
So just to wrap up and think about why all of this matters, I want to remind you that often classrooms are the safest space for our students with marginalized identities and that supportive teachers make a critical difference in the lives of LBTQ students.
Colleen: I’m talking about ranges.
Jackson Katz in his film Tough Guise argues that boys are forced to feel like their only option is to be “tough,” which leaves boys suffering emotionally because they are taught they cannot show feelings.
But, and also, I will put that up to our listeners.
So now, okay, don't run away.
Image by Justin Katigbak on Disabled and Here is licensed under Attribution .
The medical world failed them.
And so then we end up with weeks long testimonies of these girls standing up telling their horrible stories.
She is so angry about this.
I have a whole slide on pansexual because I find that students use that term a lot.
In my early period there, I had two major projects.
And thinking, what if I want to do something else and our culture doesn't allow it?
OK, so this is a document that I use with my students when I'm teaching women's gender sexuality studies, want to one hundred, which is our intro class, so that I can show you all these different terms at once.
You'll never have to share it.
Women hold % of bachelor’s degrees, % of master’s degrees, about half of all medical and law degrees, and just over % of all M.B.A.
But I think that's one of the most - that is the most important one.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: We do.
While this text does not address sexuality, it is important for readers to know that even though these two terms are commonly conflated, they are not the same thing.
I'm a totally different person, literally transformed human being from the last, you know, ten plus years of my time with Girl Up.
So, you know, if a student tells me they're trans, I say, thank you.
And be supportive of the men in your life who are maybe taking steps to learn, who have asked a question, who seems skeptical, but, and maybe even sort of resistant, but yet they're listening, right?
When one’s sex and gender align, that person would use the term cisgender.
Suggested Reading • Katz, Jackson, "Memo to Media: Manhood, Not Guns or Mental Illness, Should Be Central in Newtown Shooting" () • bell hooks, "Men: Comrades in Struggle" () • Ijeoma A., "Because You're a Girl” • Meda Chesney-Lind, "Mean Girls, Bad Girls, or Just Girls: Corporate Media Hype and the Policing of Girlhood” • Judith Gardiner, "Women's Friendships, Popular Culture, and Gender Theories” Watch Toxic Masculinity Conversation on YouTube.
OK, I'm going to get to most of these.
We love to wear neat and tidy school uniforms, and we would sit there with big dreams in our eyes.
I think the most important thing is that everyone sees you're trying.
But building schools is so hard.
You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them.
Do any of these roles still hold true today?
(Jackson Katz’s TED Talk on the subject is a useful starting point.) It was also inspired by a feminist movement that had done much to unpack what might be called “toxic femininity” (think eating disorders that seek to control one’s eating and environment).
That gendering that as the, quote, natural realm for women.
This is an introduction today.
I seek only to provide the committee with information which it may regard as relevant.
Colleen Clemens: So Rebecca called that the the MeToo backlash.
Chad's and Stacey's are this meme of Chad Thundercock.
So, yeah, burying emotion.
Women currently own only – % of all titled land worldwide.
But if you can't get there, if you can't get the difference between sex and gender with somebody, this conversation is only going to go to the place where you think you're saying men are bad and you're not.
Is one of the blessings of life and one of its necessities that has been my experience during the seventeen years of my life.
I remember when my friends and I would decorate our hands with henna on special occasions, and instead of drawing flowers and patrons, you would paint our hands with mathematical formulas and equations.
I don't know why you girls aren't attracted to me, but I will punish you all for it.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yeah, I was just going to think like, OK, so what if in your circle, if you're a woman or if you're a man and in your circle of people that, you know, there is a man who seems to have these sort of attitudes.
What are they saying?
She, in her statement, she directly connects his suicide to how terrible he felt after being conned by an entire system that believed in the elite intelligence of this guy that was doing pelvic.
So that that is not a word we use anymore.
“Whether sex workers and sex robots can actually deliver real fulfillment is another matter, but that they will eventually be asked to do it in service to a redistributative goal that for now, still seems creepy or misogynist or radical, feels pretty much inevitable.” Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So I guess that's the capitalist lends to the extremes.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
You can talk to each other over lunch about this, but then maybe expand it out to your friend networks that are outside this group.
OK, so gender fluid.
I will partner with them.
So this is just, I'm going to explain what these things are in slides and talk about them.
But that is a message and a narrative and a pushback that I do see in many ways… Colleen Clemens: But that's one.
But just reminding you that the pronouns do matter.
So take a breath.
And they're watching, you know, the world.
So that was the individual act, right?
Involving all people, regardless of gender, in sustainability efforts worldwide requires the support of those holding political or economic power—often men—who often have central roles in family, community, and societal decision-making.
In ,  environmental defenders died while protecting land and natural resources.
I believe that, yes, maybe that person is bad, but also, there are ways to disrupt that badness.
She enjoys working with fellow teachers and is a frequent contributor to Learning for Justice, with her articles on masculinity having some of the highest unique visits for the entire blog site.
OK, I'm not using that word, but this is what people who are not interested in having these conversations about fluidity and space would consider normal.
Now it is time to take a leap.
She says it, too.
But that isn’t necessarily all bad—the context is part of what makes the advertisement so powerful.
One way they have tried to help is through legal arrangements to give women more equality when it comes to accessing credit.
To queer something is to complicate it.
It's important for me to identify, you know, put, identify myself up front, then I'm cis gender.
Image: Homegrown Page  Using the singular they is an opportunity to affirm gender identity and fluidity, and as a way to open to the door to other gender-neutral terms.
In , an estimated , people were killed in Rwanda as a result of genocide.
I think that there are opportunities for us to all move forward together, but I think I don't, I shouldn't have to defend on a daily basis my own experience and be told that I'm making things up or I'm seeing things.
I do it on the computer instead of in a classroom, so students don't feel necessarily, um, looked out or, or looked upon, but, yeah, I would.
Gender and sex do not always align, nor do they need to.
And I get, and that is said out of kindness, right?
Page  About PA-ADOPT The Pennsylvania Alliance for Design of Open Textbooks (PA-ADOPT) is made up of four participating institutions from Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education (PASSHE) that are all regional and primarily undergraduate institutions, situated in Southeastern Pennsylvania.
And we'll get to that with asexuality.
For this reason I have added suggested readings at the end of some sections.
But I also think that if we are in a moment where everybody in our cultural shift is going to start believing the ninety to Page  ninety eight percent of women and others who say I've been assaulted, I've been harassed.
And low stakes is sharing stories and articles on social media, those of you who are on social media, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, whatever other things that are out there that I'm not aware of yet.
Women became more prominent in government, most notably Nancy Pelosi becoming the first woman Speaker of the House in .
So think about the, I mean, to me, this is just like make America great again, like these people who think that they deserve the American dream, and so they'll do anything to get it.
So the, I kind of Page  did this backwards.
But I think the more important question is, why shouldn't they?
One factor in poor maternal health care is child marriage, which occurs when one or both of the people married is under .
So you want to add some examples?
Ok, so gender fluid intersects demi.
After a brief discussion of work, he would turn the conversation to a discussion of sexual matters.
I don't think we're gonna get them back.
Being anti feminist, weak, pussy.
And when you’re a star, they let you do it.
Colleen Clemens: And it's a Harvey, right?
Colleen Clemens: So those are all terms that are used on the web in these spaces that are focused on masculinity sometimes called the manosphere.
I think that piece would very much speak to you because as I read it this morning, I'm like, this is exactly what I'm talking about.
And again, it's OK if you kind of greet that with love and humility and admit, maybe if you don't understand something that that is OK because our classrooms are the place where our students often feel safest.
I felt like an outcast.
We all love good protests, but sometimes it's just the little, it's those little daily, small, quiet moves.
And a great example would kid knocking over my daughter at, you know, in a playground when she's two, a little boy and the mother says to me, oh, you know, boys will be boys.
So as our speakers know, I come from an Native American community, and it's something very common that I did not think about until literally today, I'm listening to Colleen speak that we don't gender our children in terms of how we speak to them.
And I want that for everyone.
Even though society has changed and many women are now an equal contributor to family income (or in some cases the only contributor), social perceptions have not changed at the same pace.
The world, They see they have the world up until this point, and sometimes we just have to put into their imagination that there is a different way.
All of our learning growing webinars will be hosted there.
They're like the hyper.
Most first-wave activism focused on the injustices specific upper class women faced in their own lives.
While women have certainly featured prominently in sustainable development efforts thus far, many around the world do not have access to the same education and economic rights.
I mean, I think you laid it out really well, especially connecting the dots that way is so clear.
We're not here to judge you, and we're not here to attack you.
You now that you've heard this term, you might notice it more, but it is a term specifically to indigenous spoke.
They default to frustrating and how he pushes them to actually not be ashamed of having an emotion.
Colleen: And I think maybe part excuse me is, is, I don't know.
Man : This is not just one individual but a whole group of kids.
Though I appear as one gun, one person.
In a lush green forest, a Black non-binary person smiles while twirling the skirt of their flowing leaf print dress and dancing with their cane in hand.
Some term, there are some terms for all these, But, you know, we, I think culturally, immediately think about the body, but it can be our thoughts and our feelings, our relationships, our values and beliefs.
In sub-Saharan Africa, fewer than one in five girls attend secondary school and almost half are married by age .
Colleen Clemens: So I think the obvious for women is gendered violence.
In my paradise homes, I always loved learning and discovering new things.
Is to wait until that person's idea of their gender has really formed, and then that person can affirm their gender with that surgery if they choose to have it.
Is that people who are attracted to others, regardless of their gender, so follow their heart and their sexuality follows is a reductive way of thinking about this.
So sexed male, sexed female intersex.
This font may be embedded in documents and temporarily loaded on the remote system.
Colleen Clemens: Right, therefore, not effective.
That is less than, right.
It is easy to forget that the images we see of women in the media are constructed and do not depict reality.
Amanda: Yeah, and that's not OK, here, hold on.
And they lived a life of shame.
So I know you have made this statement, and it is, I mean, you know, you make a lot of brilliant statements, but this is not unusual.
Ancient Egyptian culture was heavily dependent on slave labor.
Colleen Clemens: Well, basically, they'll never, basically, I guess they see in this world they see sex as a commodity, which we can talk about now or a little bit, that sex is a commodity.
For example, it was on the New York Times opinion section this morning.
And I don't know that I believe in an authentic identity, but at least at least having the choice to cry or express an emotion.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
These inequities stem from a variety of systems in place that discriminate because of the prevalence of patriarchal societies—that is, a society in which the male is the dominant authority in the household, the workplace, or the government.
Gavin graduated high school in June , not being able to use the men’s bathroom that he fought to use.
But still, there were a lot of women who voted for him.
You may only (i) embed this font in content as permitted by the embedding restrictions included in this font; and (ii) temporarily download this font to a printer or other output device to help print content.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Mm hmm.
Colleen: I’m coming to your house Person  : It just show he can be who he wants to be now.
Return to end of “Masculinity” Page  “Understanding LGBTQ+ Terminology” Lecture Transcript Colleen Clemens: So I'm so glad that you are here today and just put this on.
And when I and I think we could even go back and check my twitter when I saw that mostly women had been killed.
Because this is all about power, boss power.
I mean, my child may eventually gender identify as male, but because I was terrified of fighting the, I know how to fight the wave of, you know, barber and all that.
They're performing gender instead of, like actually being who they are.
As you said, we'll be standing beside them, behind them, supporting them every step of the way.
You know, your question was, how do we change, How do we change or resist it?
After he was after he had taken that post he asked if I would become his assistants and I accepted that position.
Date:  Photographer: Unknown, editorial cartoon by Robert Carter (cropped signature lower left) Page  Economic rights regarding gender equity evolved quickly during the th century.
It's a matter of course, right?
Amanda: I know that.
I have brought with me some of my sisters from Pakistan, from Nigeria and from Syria who shared this story.
A lot of us prefer to use the term non binary.
It is not time to tell the world leaders to realize how important education is.
Questioning inequities and stereotypes is an essential first step toward gender equality and requires the participation of both women and men.
And we actually just have five dogs, three cats and thirty, some chickens that we would never eat.
Gender equity happens when people of all genders are treated fairly in accordance with their needs.
#metoo Transcript Episode : The #metoo Movement "What is an Incel" Transcript Episode : What is an INCEL?
I don’t even wait.
I know how Page  to live in my world and and not they're working for participate in a lot of this.
During two school board meetings on the matter, members of the public openly discussed Gavin’s “genitals and restroom usage in front of reporters and television cameras” and called him a “freak.” Feeling his civil rights were being denied, Gavin filed a lawsuit against the Gloucester County School Board using Title IX which “prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex.” Ultimately, the case was almost heard by the Supreme Court, which would have created federal law determining what rights transgender students have in school.
And the pain within those young men that they're living with every day, it with that idea, because how much pain did that person have to have in order to go out and make that attack.
So can I have your attention to the screen, please?
What we're doing is we're possibly missing an opportunity to solve the problem.
Those working to save the environment are realizing that gender equity must be part of the equation for a solution.
And today I'm not raising my voice.
So that's why we had to have these up here, right?
Like that kind of strange logic 'cause I remember you were like, what the hell?
Pronouns  Have You Ever Been Invited to a “Gender Reveal Party”?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: I think that's some of it, too.
So in  coaches failed the girls.
Colleen: If that were true, there would be no space for change.
So, I mean, I feel like that's a conflation, but that's something that the alt right really loves to do.
Do you remember that?
Are you seeing it?
And if you've noticed, if you've been listening to us, we kind of take turns going down rabbit holes.
I prefer acid attacks to mass killings, though.
Lutz Clemens and A.
But I always tell my students I didn't tell anybody I was having a girl because I didn't want the tide of pink wave at the shower because the moment you tell somebody the sex of a child immediately, they want to buy stuff.
If you think it's about you personally, nobody wants to.
In that moment, MSU police turned their findings over to prosecutors, but they declined to press charges.
And, oh, that might make me feel bad.
Bow is the most common predictable gender; specific alternatives vary wildly, so we have boots or bows, we have burnouts or bows (I guess that's tires), and then we have badges or bows.
This ad is working to transform perceptions of gender.
So women don't just throw these accusations around.
Colleen Clemens: Like literally people who are enacting violence and hatred because of their belief in the supremacy of men.
Have you not learnt?
These are both insults to other men.
And you don't have to go farther than look at your work environment, the structure of your work environment, You know, who's responsible for, what if you had a serious problem or an accusation?
They already know it.
So aggrieved entitlement is at the root of incels.
Man : There are people in these societies, they recognize more than two genders.
Colleen Clemens: It could be like this in this story, right where she basically got convinced that, you know, if you go through with this, you're gonna be the one that suffers.
It’s like a magnet.
We all need to contribute.
I should say that not all incels want to kill women, but they definitely valorize.
So that would be non gendered.
Tara Abrahams: Well, I'm thrilled to be here, as you know.
“Cis” is a term from chemistry that means “two particular atoms or groups lie on the same side of a given plane in the molecule.” That’s where gender terminology for alignment got its name.
We're like, Oh, my God.
That is hypertoxic masculinity.
If you want me to read through some for you or you want to go… Colleen Clemens: I will go.
And what we're trying to do is say, no, no, no.
Upon the election of Donald Trump, women across the United States—and the around the world—began planning a day of protests.
This idea of like getting some, I can't tell you how many times I've had conversations with, Well, I think Kevin Mahoney, when he interviewed me on his podcast, you know,  he talked about how growing up he was watching the, he was like performing, right?
And as I said, we still see we still see girls who have no freedom to go to school in the north of Nigeria.
There’s a whole one about toxic masculinity.
Let's close the office door and start the conversation.
This is sounding like it could be a spectrum of kind of disorder, if you will.
Person : I think we need to look at when this comes up, especially boy to boy, and a lot of the times it is a lack of social skills.
We talked about them a little bit earlier, but then it started to really hit me, this is very frequent iconography.
If I were talking about thinking structurally and about where power goes and who has power to have.
It is not saying, I can't say this enough.
And especially, we just saw this in the election cycle.
I know someone asked about them.
It's a losing game.
And he specifically said that his desire in doing this was to punish women for rejecting him.
And then to figure out what to discuss without, you know, blowing up and, and, you know, having meltdowns and so forth.
How do you scale that?
There is literally nowhere else to turn.
So in order to have this conversation, at least for an hour, you need to come on board and understand the difference between sex and gender.
And one of my favorite paragraphs is she wrote, “I sometimes think that we are in this extraordinary moment of stories breaking loose.” And so that's what you were just talking about.
So in that link that's there, and it's there now, I think everybody can see.
It's not just about girls who happen to be younger, learning from us who do happen to be older just by virtue of just more years on the earth, but that there are, it's multidirectional, always.
But imagine being a boy and having that be the message.
Amanda: OK, so now that we've got the basics, what is toxic mass?
So I think we are goin to have one final, maybe our last one.
How to use terms in teaching writing.
The result was a great increase in the number of women who officially had land ownership.
And also, Jeffrey, if you google just my name and singular singular they, you'll see an article I wrote for Teaching Tolerance, which just changed their name.
A rigid idea of masculinity might teach boys that they need to be muscular physically and hard emotionally.
We have a Q A.
I have born  children, seen most sold off into slavery, and when I cried out with a mother's grief none, but Jesus heard me.
Androgynous is someone who feels neither too masculine or too feminine, whereas a gender is someone who doesn't feel like they are a particular gender in gender.
Well, I guess they didn't because they didn't do it in a way that was like, safe.
Colleen Clemens: And we should very quickly say that there are going to be a lot of things we talk about that could be triggering.
Malala Yousafzai: Thank you so much.
Masculinity as a concept is a structure, right.
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) has stated that “discrimination because a person is transgender or gender non-conforming constitutes illegal sex discrimination,” thereby protecting the rights of transgender employees.
Girls and women attend school at higher rates than in the past.
Another thing is, if you are comfortable disrupting your own language coming between the earth and the thing coming out of your mouth when you hear somebody else say it, I am not encouraging anybody to go have a conflict or something, I’m not.
Men were the ones who earned money for their work; women’s labor fell outside the cash economy.
I mean, think of the audacity that you have to have to molest a girl in the room while her parents are in the room.
You can be a romantic or asexual.
Gender, queer and gender fluid.
Does anybody need a pen who needs a pen?
And the, you know, the process of getting caught.
When such a belief is upheld in a classroom, it contributes to a toxic foundation to boys’ senses of self.
Sexuality is who you want to be with.
It doesn't matter if I've never met you,  So this.
They didn’t need us today.
Katie Couric: is now… Man : Born both a boy and a girl.
So it seems to me like this, and I've got to go back to the fact that this is not in my, you know, scholarship where I have not encountered this term, this movement, whatever you want to call it until now, and I'm so appreciative that you went down this rabbit hole.
And so Chad gets all the sex.
Hyper toxic masculinity is bad for people because it doesn't differentiate, and it doesn't always discriminate when it's enacting it gender wise, like that person didn't just walk in and shoot women, right?
So there's this connection of, like, emasculation.
You might consider using them in your classroom, but I wanted to put them there.
Person : So, for me, over the last couple of years have been studying emotionally healthy spirituality.
Have you ever heard phrase toxic masculine?
Thank you to my father for not clipping my wings and for letting me fly.
But here we are.
What we're trying to show you is how all these systems in place failed the girls and supported Larry Nassar molesting them.
And while I'm the director of a program about this, I learned a lot from my students and, and I have to constantly be renavigating as well.
So let's just be super clear.
But you'll hear somebody who's trans and they'll talk about this as if they were hiding who they had, who they were for a year.
I'm just scaring this to see if there's anything that I how I talked about.
It is the voice of those sixty six million girls.
Colleen Clemens: And it requires you to think in a more complex fact, and everybody has felt oppressed at some point.
But we can all have a conversation.
And ain't I a woman?
This incremental shift made the conditions right at last.” So the people who are, like, shocked and flabbergasted and feel like this is a witch hunt have not been paying to this, paying attention to this slow crescendo of these stories.
This is one of them, right.
It's not the only way, right?
Oh, that's a So somebody asked a really good question about quantitative researchers.
Colleen Clemens: I'm like, please.
So those things are the same.
As Kela Satyati said, however, the world focused only on primary education and progress did not reach everyone.
I have never pointed at someone and said you are toxically masculine.
Sexual is the word I had to look at.
I mean, you all have been doing this for so long.
You'll start to notice it now when people say that or if you think about, they're called gender reveal parties.
But they're not really gender reveal parties.
Yeah, we don't want to go down that rabbit hole, but like, so they want to.
So this is another one and you'll Page  see here, right.
I think she may be settled down.
The National Eating Disorders Association reports that “in the United States,  million women and  million men will suffer from a clinically significant eating disorder at some time in their life.” When people suffer from eating disorders, it affects families, workplaces, and society.
Don’t let anybody disrespect you.
So I understand that inclination, but we're talking about, but when the conversation is happening, it's really talking about much bigger pictures.
• How does identity come into feminist practice?
My father, Albert Hill, is a farmer in that area.
And I'm more fired up about their injustice than anything that I just experienced.
And so, given what you've described, what, what are you seeing as the most important interventions that need to be put in place to support young people and girls in particular, of course, as we head into this next period of time, what do we need to do to help girls today?
I need to be an ally.
Like, that's what, fifteen percent.
citizens and foreign nationals— subjected to sex trafficking and forced labor.
I mean, what are you seeing?
So you think you can rely on the legal system?
I thought he respected my work, and that he trusted my judgment.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino :Expressions.
I'm not saying I'm not saying that any.
Page  Colleen Clemens: I do expand on that.
For my undergraduate work I went to Oklahoma State University and graduated from there in .
Where was part of the incel movement is an outcropping or outgrowth of that same.
And they're watching the Me Too, movement.
The United Nations made maternal health their fifth Millennium Development Goal.
In August of , I was in Washington DC, and I did call Diane holt.
So these are not easy waters to tread in, I think, is what we wanted you to realize that as we talk about this.
International (CC BY .) Page  Masculinity Remember, discussing gender norms is different than discussing individuals, i.e., discussing masculinity does not mean we are discussing all men.
I'm sure that, you know, I've never read that to my daughter.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, what about is sexism, men who are sexist?
You actually see, this word talks masculine being used in news stories when sometimes reporters are talking about that, something that's Page  happened, at least some hypothesis, if I could, just so, I mean, I think definitely the conversation is changing, but I think, especially nowadays, a lot of us feel this, but my people are so devastating level of despair.
Colleen: All right, So toxic masculinity would be the idea that there's only one way to be a man.
The Dean of the university saw me teaching and inquired as to whether I would be interested in furthering pursuing a career in teaching beginning at Oral Roberts University.
• Worldwide, % of chronically hungry people are women and girls.
Prison and the cycle of poverty have proven to have serious consequences on certain populations of men within the United States.
So I like to remind us all the time that we are all in this together.
But they've sort of grown up breathing this air that's very different than the atmosphere that we found ourselves in, again, even ten years ago.
I also faced the realistic fact that I had no alternative job.
Colleen Clemens: I was like, stop it.
According to the World Health Organization, public awareness campaigns and other media interventions can be effective in changing gender attitudes and norms.
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: It’s not saying if you were born with male genitalia, you are, you are a toxic man.
We're going to show you some other examples.
Colleen: Okay Page  Amanda: So I'm just impressed.
That was CNN, February fifth.
And let me just preface this entire presentation by saying, unfortunately, we are very well aware that the concept of toxic masculinity, that phrase has a lot of controversy attached to it.
OK, so a quote that I, that is terribly offensive.
That the three worst words you can say to a boy as they grow up is is be a man.
It must also address the reasons why we replay this scene over and over again.
I'm going to ask my friend, she is a feminist scholar.
I mean, honestly, this is like every structure that was in place that was supposed to be supporting these girls, and they, nobody listened to them.
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: WHAT?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
Colleen: You may see a piece about me seeing that movie and writing about how it disrupts toxic masculinity.
And so I think it's hard to separate that out.
That's how Tucker Carlson ended up knowing who she was and attacking her on his show.
No shit I mean, I know it's not Mike Pence, Right.
How much you might be influenced by toxic masculinity.
Um, now separately from this, if you have any other questions, you can direct those to marketing@hawkeslearning.com, and we will be sending out a link with the recording of this webinar once it is available to everyone who attended, just so that you have that full reference.
Colleen Clemens: “The shit will out”, as some wise person said to me once.
The idea is entirely responsive to the logic of late modern sexual life, and its pursuit would be entirely characteristic of a recurring pattern in liberal societies.
So somebody's a trans man or a trans woman.
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So, right, right.
That's why I picked these, right?
But just the… Amanda: Involuntarily celibate, involuntarily celibate.
And when I see all lives matter, I see that people are missing the point because black lives matter.
For example, in India, community members of a rural area in Rajasthan began to teach men about gender equity.
These terms are all.
This has been the case in recent years in Cambodia, where human trafficking has serious consequences for women and girls who are enticed from rural areas by promises of domestic jobs in the city, only to be coerced into sexual slavery once they arrive.
So when we're sitting up here so confidently, going well, just do this.
They might have the plus, there's no one right way to do this.
Intersectionality—or having an intersectional approach— deserves its own texts, which of course exist.
So to me, that's why they will do it differently.
I cannot afford to believe that freedom from intolerance is the right of only one particular group.
But yes, it is when a doctor cannot.
Gender in Conflict Zones In places where violent conflicts terrorize daily life, women are disproportionately affected by war.
Even little things like he hunted and did stuff, that he doesn't like he liked.
While a number of societies have shifted to more egalitarian systems, patriarchal systems are still present throughout the world.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
We ask our students to do something, and then they do it.
So today, you know, not so much because we're not talking about things we might do outwardly that much.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Thank you so much for… Colleen Clemens: It’s awful.
Her work starting with the first Killing Us Softly has helped audiences understand the implications of these depictions.
They were meant to run their households, take care of their husbands and children, uphold religious beliefs, and maintain an even temperament through it all.
And let me tell you, my friend is on fire.
And then, meanwhile, going to men getting promoted at higher rates because self overseeing, right.
So that's like the high range.
So here's the big question.
There are many, many more ways to think about the relationship between sex and gender.
Return to “A Conversation on Toxic Masculinity” Video.
And now he was a marine.
Does anybody else do that?
I mean, I like to believe, I hope I'm right.
I had to be educated on my privilege, on my experience.
I can explain my family.
This is super reductive, but it's Sunday.
Girls were stopped from going to school.
Taking what you have learned and making change is the goal of WGS studies.
Drawing "The Locked Door!" refers to the Triangle fire and depicts young women throwing themselves against a locked door in an attempt to escape the flames.
For just men are bad, right?
This was one of the first articles that really wrote about this subculture on fortune.
This is a catalog of teaching resources I wrote to accompany some of the topics in this text.
In many African nations, women won the right to vote by , although in those countries men and women typically received the right to vote at the same time as formerly colonized African nations gained their independence.
Page  Questions to Consider • What are examples of contemporary issues of gender inequity?
So you can just go watch it.
I mean, every time I hear anything will horror.
Here are a few ways that women’s labor and earning potential are affected by gender norms (all bullets from "Beliefs about Gender" study): • Women only make up % of workers in computer and math jobs even though more women than men earn advanced degrees and make up half the labor force • Women are less confident in subjects such as math, which can lead to women unconsciously participating in “occupational sorting,” when women’s own thinking about their “limitations” stops them from seeking higher-paying career paths "Structural v.
Don't ever say boys will be boys.
The Industrial Revolution began in  and increased the need for women in the work force.
I am attaching to the statement a copy of my resume for further details of my education.
And, and please remember that each of these slides could be an hour.
And that can be a nickname as well.
That is where we want.
He referred the matter to the Office of Institutional Equity, and somehow nothing ever happened.
What Can You Do?
Person  : So I'm just having a thought about something you said, right?
And you are to quote the Handbags tale, “a gender trader", right?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: …the structure.
You've probably noticed, just as I have, how different our students think, how differently our students think about these things than I did growing up in the past twenty five years of teaching, I would say that this is the place we've grown the most and become most inclusive when it comes to LGBTQ issues.
Asking someone about their anatomy or medical history is harmful and no one’s business.
The idea of gender became much more important—complicating the binary of male/female—thanks to the academic work of Judith Butler and Patricia Hill Collins, who engaged in thinking about the intersections of race and gender on the heels of the work of bell hooks.
Scholars and thinkers are starting to see that rigid gender norms don’t just affect girls but also affect boys.
So the problem is the Staceys that won't give it up.
Amanda : That is an incredible idea, thanks for bringing that up.I haven't seen the movie yet because I feel like I grew up with Fred Rogers, right?
I talk a lot about pronouns and ally.
Therefore, it wouldn't even be possible to control it, right?
In addition to being a detriment to the environment, unsustainable firewood collection also puts women at risk as they try to feed their families.
And so they're sort of coming up that in an environment where that's almost, it's an expectation.
But I think they do more often than we've ever talked about and why this young generation is so exciting in what their play, you know, play, It's, to me, it's like play and identity and creativity and love it.
Why is it that people?
When a baby is in utero, no one can know the baby’s gender because no one knows what the baby will feel about their gender identity.
The world can no longer accept that the world can no longer accept that basic education is enough.
Full Text of Gavin’s Opinion Piece in the Washington Post Page  announced that it would not hear Gavin’s case and sent it back to the Fourth Circuit of Appeals.
We can all think in our own heads when that language comes up man up grow a pair boys we boys just don't say it, and maybe ask other people not to.
Colleen: I didn't bring that one up, but that's really bad.
Worldwide, women earn just slightly more than % of what men earn.
Our kids get up every morning they have to prepare their masks for how they're gonna walk to school.
So biological essentialism believes that you, your biology determines how you move through this world, and that is the only way you should move through this world.
And aggrieved because they think they don't, they can't see that the default is men's studies.
OK, maybe you can, one of those.
When I declined, he assured me that the dinner was a professional courtesy only and not a social invitation.
“So Private Perenn recruit Menacs Infantry zero zero zero one zero.
We would just look for trouble and just like try to fight.
So how do we accelerate that trajectory so that we all don't have to wait another couple decades for things to be even worse for them to have a say in what's happening.
I am upper middle class , like I'm sitting in front.
And then soon she had a son.
In many countries, credit associations and export crop marketing cooperatives have only allowed male household heads to become members, excluding married and unmarried women.
They are names that did not come across my news feed, and I think I'm paying pretty close attention to the charges of sexual misconduct that have been circulating, some things those people have in common, or some of those are people that I have admired and whose work I have appreciated.
And ain’t I a woman?
So, I will say a quick thank you to everyone who attended.
Yeah, but that's the other.
Creating preventative measures to ensure all children can be successful in the classroom and less inclined to drop out can be a powerful solution.
I thought then, perhaps naively, that this commonsense “issue” would be resolved quietly and privately, as it should have been.
You and I are both mothers.
But what I say, what I do in my daily night daily life is I tried.
But since you're humanist, we wanted to make sure we brought in how religion can often prescribe this as well and be really problematic and how it might contribute to the conversations and the responses that people have.
Person : Thank you.
Make a resolution to attend at least one large-scale activist event per semester • Have conversations with friends about feminism and women’s, gender, and sexuality studies explaining why this is important in our society.
You are not being attacked.
And so teaching our kids conflict resolution, how to listen, all that basic stuff is kind of getting lost.
We do so to spare men from Page  thinking that there is only one way to be a man—or any other gendered identity, for that matter—and give them the space to express their gender in ways that feel authentic and safe for themselves.
And I taught high Page  school for many years.
In this case, I think that boys will be boys is a piece of crap.
And I'm not going to do anything to have a, you know, facilitate that reification of everybody's belief that the Koran is filled with sexism.
I agreed to take the job in large part because of my desire to escape the pressures I felt at the EEOC, due to Judge Thomas.
It's OK if I can't see it.
What happened next, and telling the world about it, are the two most difficult things experiences of my life.
National gymnastics team, was overheard by her coach telling another gymnast about treatments that this treatments that this guy did right.
All hail the Supreme gentlemen.
He likes the wine, not the label.
I'm so appreciative that… Colleen Clemens: you’re welcome.
I participated in a seminar taught at an afternoon session and seminar at Oral Roberts University.
A baby can be a sport.
At first, I used the nurse’s office restroom, but after a couple of weeks the long trips back and forth felt stigmatizing and unnecessary.
So all this term means is somebody who's true gender identity does not match the sex or gender they were assigned at birth.
Some think is inclusive of everyone while others think it is exclusionary and elitist.
If we want to circle back to the ideas of toxic masculinity.
Her goal was both to protect the environment and to empower Kenyan women.
The idea of gender.
We can talk about privilege.
In the back of your head, you might, the phrase might be like, "man up”.
Nobody wants to feel bad about.
He is still very, he's still very, I mean, honorable and protective and strong.
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So acknowledging the difference between the structure and the person… Colleen Clemens: Yes.
First of all, I've said to a man, OK, have you ever been accused of sexual assault?
With men gone during conflict, women are often forced to be the primary family caretakers and breadwinners.
Do you want me to mention turfs?
The Verdana (©  Microsoft Corporation) and Courier New (©  The Monotype Corporation) fonts have been used throughout this book, which is permitted by their licenses: License: You may use this font as permitted by the EULA for the product in which this font is included to display and print content.
And this is % complete, and it explains everything.
They're all, like, really important.
I want to be very clear that Page  this word is an adjective.
I am cisgender .
So don't panic, right?
Psychologist Carol Tart Tavers notes that kind of what you're struggling with, that they must both want what they don't have and feel they deserve what they don't have.
it's all, it's making me dizzy?
Since the time Wangari Maathai started the program, over , women have been trained and over  million trees have been planted.
He treats elite athletes.
Amanda: And it's super relevant not only to today, to this group, but also just to our culture in America.
As you will read, some people in the world do not even enjoy basic human rights.
Now it is time to call them to take action for the rest of the world's children.
I did not make an assumption about that person's gender.
And you know better What will work in your school climate and what won't.
But it wasn't violence trickling.
And there are people who might even say they have my best interests at heart.
We went directly from work to a restaurant near the office.
And then maybe we won't be left with just the journalists having to be the ones shedding light on things.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Maybe another episode.
When one feels that slipping, one may idealize aggrieved entitlement can mobilize one politically, but it is often a mobilization toward the past, not the future, to restore that which one feels has been lost.
Amanda: And it is still available on Netflix.
And if you veer from moving through the world that way, you are abnormal.
Assume that there are trans students in your classroom.
One in four women and one in seven men will experience domestic violence in their lifetime.
And the reason I did that is because I didn't want to construct my daughter.
Tear down the patriarchy with me.
We can all start using different language.
Transforming Perceptions of Gender Perhaps the most important element of change needed to ensure gender equity is the dismantling of harmful gender norms that tell humans they need to act in certain ways because of their gender.
Amanda: So, you know, it's culture conditioning, Colleen: That gender is cultural, the gender that there's no man behind the, there's no oz, right?
But, but anybody might have the term that would have been used when I was growing up was a sex change surgery.
Gymnastics' body didn't do it.
Well, then that's it.
Our students are watching.
This is why we all need to care about these small people.
Oh, that was just the source.
Yeah, Gray, romantic was the one that I didn't know that my student came out as.
Watch on YouTube: Dr.
In February , I was hospitalized for five days on an emergency basis for an acute for acute stomach pain, which I attributed to stress on the job.
You might hear students say it.
No, the Amish girls.
Well, there's so many, because there is, it's like an extra added whatever of their masculinity, or perhaps, or even their sexuality being questioned.
Page  Colleen: And these weren't twenty eighteen.
Misogynist terrorism is what she wants to call it.
They bring their smarts, they bring their anger.
it's limiting to me, toxic masculinity is a limiting brand of masculinity.
That's to me, like if somebody says that you're like the toxic masculinity culprit for a second, like you just like if you are pushing.
Boys are more likely to act out.
We know this from, like, so many programs and initiatives globally that that focus on all the different things impacting girls' lives specifically.
Tara: I think there is a sense of solidarity and sisterhood that grow up has always cultivated right since the time of your inception, but that, I think, is particularly urgent and real and relevant right now as girls think about coming out of this particular period of time, entering their careers and working for the first time, putting those skills that they've honed over many years as part of this incredible program to test in the real world.
So, is there a website where people can go see all these things?
These little arrows, actually, like, break apart.
“Toxic masculinity” is tricky.
So the girls in that sorority had no connection to Elliot Roger.
Amanda: I’m doing seconding everything she says because it applies to me too.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right, not as effective.
Let's capitalize and, and really amplify the fact that they came to this because they wanted to make the world better in some area of injustice or inequity or unfairness that they saw.
So that's only the presenter.
“Toxic masculinity” can sound like a lot of different things, such as the following: “Boys Will Be Boys” I am on the playground with my young daughter.
And again, it's a moment and with a lot of momentum for Girl Up.
It inflicts harm on women, girls, men and boys.” Even though the definition relies on binary thinking, GBV affects all genders, though women and girls experience higher rates of GBV.
I hope that everybody learned a little bit more.
And sometimes how you feel about your gender does not match your sex assigned at birth.
So I used they.
Page  About the Author Colleen Lutz Clemens, Ph.D., professor of Non-Western Literatures and Director of Women’s, Gender, and Sexuality Studies at Kutztown University in Pennsylvania, earned her Ph.D.
If you can't get it through sex, if you can't get it through money, maybe you can attain it through violence.
I don't have a great answer to that question, and there is a good answer to it.
Well, that's an example of by a lot, like, no, he was taught that he was taught that this is the way you teach women or to talk to women or treat women, that you, again, a penis does not automatically make you a harasser, does not automatically make you say terrible things about women, right?
I mean, just take care of her.
• State officials in Brazil spoke to men about ending domestic violence.
I don't know what Billies who are sexually assaulted or raped, that will not bring it up.
It is their natural right to have sex.
And so nobody believes anybody that speaks out against them.
And I mean, I think talking about it in these different ways, naming it and naming it misogynistic terrorism is, that is an excellent term.
If the first woman God ever made was strong enough to turn the world upside down all alone, well these women here together ought to be able to turn it back and get it right side up again.
• Why do you think people might not identify as a feminist?
That might be a little thing that you could do.
All these things are connected and related.
As of , % of girls in Niger, % in Chad, and % in Bangladesh were married before their th birthday ("Girls Not Brides" Interactive Map).
No self reflection, no parental involvement, no friends saying I'll get over yourself.
Ayu Saraswati, "Cosmopolitan Whiteness: The Effects and Affects of Skin Whitening Advertisements in Transnational Indonesia” • As Nature Made Him, David Reimer • C.
Colleen Clemens: It’s really, it's, it's overwhelming is basically how I feel for the past five months.
It used to be chardonnay, which got a bit complicated.
How might one’s race or sexuality impact their relationship with the term “feminist”?
I wish we could just discourage email in general, but, yeah, it's.
So that's toxic masculinity in, like, a high school setting.
I cannot emphasize enough how often you, as an educator are the first person that that student may talk to.
The core of them is that they believe that women owe them sex.
So I wanted to put on your radar that all, you know, you can look this up and, and find.
What is toxic masculinity?
Do you not know that Mohammed is upon him?
Colleen Clemens: So I, yes.
Pascoe, "Making Masculinity: Adolescence, Identity, and High School” • Allan Johnson, "Patriarchy, The System: An It, Not a He, a Them, or an Us" Page  Feminisms What is Feminism?
There's no worlds to turn, but journalists, that's it.
In fact, this conversation was started by men.
Masha Amini died while in custody of the morality police in Iran in .
They really buy into that a culture that doesn't value what we've feminized.
I mean, he said, yeah, you know, you ate the food.
Girl brains and boy brains.
• How do you think gender identity is formed?
• Clerics in Saudi Arabia instructed fathers not to force their daughters to get married.
Page  Environment and Gender In developing countries, women spend a disproportionate amount of time in the natural environment doing agricultural work or collecting water and firewood.
There's no preference about it.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: You know what?
Where are you learning this?
So one that I work with is from the “Good Men Project”.
They're still dealing with trying to come out of this pandemic, and now they're at work, right?
The Prophet of Mercy?
These neopronouns are used by some folks, but for some other people, the singular they has created some space to push against the feminine/masculine binary in singular pronouns, i.e., she/he.
In March , Malala returned to school.
So this would be a word that I wouldn't necessarily use unless I kind of got the sense, but my other dog is here, too.
Ask  people what the word feminism means, and you will probably get  different answers.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: And so what about Chad's?
To think that you have, if you do have a motion, you should be ashamed of it.
This is a reminder to all take a breath because it's a lot, right?
Thank you so much for, Oh, there's more, but we're not doing anymore.
She's always like those who might be watching on YouTube.
Feels like a lot.
Like that's as aware this morning was like, I'm gonna get talking about locker room talk.
So if I used me as an example, sex assigned at birth based on genitalia, hormones, chromosomes only genitalia assigned birth.
This does create the wave of change that we eventually want to see.
It has become the first generation that decides to be the last.
If you're listening, Oh, my God.
You can't say you want things to change and then also say, but it's not me.
Humanness because they believed that a boy can't cry or a boy is not allowed to do this, or in order to be blank, an athlete, you have to assert your masculinity and there's no space for anything else.
And also thank you to all my wonderful teachers who inspired me to believe in myself and be brave.
Page  Femininity Discussing gender norms is different than discussing individuals, i.e., discussing femininity does not mean we are discussing all women.
I think two slides left.
Can you give me an example And you said that there's sort of, it sounds like their language is violent.
We see many people becoming refugees in Syria and Iraq.
Oh, there it is.
Because I do think that it sounds like that's where to an extent, influences our behavior and our tendencies.
chairman, senator Thurmond, members of the committee, my name is Anita F Hill and I'm a professor of law at the University of Oklahoma.
But it's worth fighting against.
I'm very well aware.
I'm not seeing things.
Woman : I said, “Goodbye, Bill,” and she became Kate.
Boys and young men learn early on that being a so-called "real man" means you have to take on the "tough guise," in other words you have to show the world only certain parts of yourself that the dominant culture has defined as manly.” Watch the Tough Guise trailer if you want to learn more.
So we're going to get to who said I asked you guys to write what words came to mind?
It's almost like you always call whack a mole, which is, there's something bad happening every day, which is so much, this is a hard topic.
But the don't know if I I guess we could allow them to talk with me.
She writes about it herself, and I wanted you to give us sort of a walk, a basic walkthrough, like, don't beat us over the head with the academic language.
Colleen Clemens: Although I'm pretty sure Kevin Spacey and Harvey Weinstein are like in a spa somewhere in Arizona that's called a treatment center.
Colleen Clemens: Please don't show any kind of emotion or fag.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: or your governing body, or you think you can trust your doctor or their medical team?
In October , she began her higher education at Oxford University.
I was using men’s restrooms in restaurants and shopping malls, so I told the principal I would like to use the boys’ restrooms at school, too.
Yes, there's a difference between unhappiness and that.
And she watched some stupid YouTube video, which is a bunch of girls, and she heard girls saying, I hate my bangs.
That's what they would call it in Gilead.
Are they able to unmute and ask their questions?
And this, this is a great resource.
Gender norms are taught from the moment a baby is born and a pink or blue card is put in the nursery.
Just ask them if they would sit and listen to this half hour with them and see if that helps that person not make a comment like that again, because when somebody says something like that, they actually think that they are entitled to something.
When kids come out, they're pretty much the same.
So my sex assigned to birth, biological sex is female, and my gender is is woman, right?
But in order to lend some happiness to it, my grandfather would always call me Malala, the happiest girl in the world.
Don’t let your women run your life.
And actually, a couple of my friends were like, Oh, yeah, I've heard about this.
She reviews novels by postcolonial authors for World Literature Today.
WHERE DID YOUR CHRIST COME FROM?
But we can talk about that in another time that, you know, we've been trying to connect the dots between these mass killers and misogynist groups, even though people calling them lone wills or they have mental illness.
It is something is reported and then rescinded by the victim Colleen Clemens: Because they walk it back, right, right, right.
But somewhere along the way, she learned that, I don't know if it's from a YouTube video.
Go ahead and quote, “Chad is stand in for the young, attractive, muscular football player claiming dominance over the beta world in the contest for sexual success with women.” So, basically, like when they say Chad, they're talking about the alpha male, the guy that gets all the chicks and they're using that kind of stereotypical, of course, white versity football player that gets all the girls.
Part of the problem is that American culture still largely sees men's sexism as something innate rather than deviant.
Melissa: Well, and let them lead us, right?
Therefore, while people of all genders may individually face inequality, as evidenced by the statistics above, women and transgender people structurally— through systems of law, employment, decision-making, or politics, for example— face more inequity than men.
And yet here we are, sages on the stage.
Don't really understand why.
But just so you know what all those letters in the acronym mean?
You are not goin to say, even those the phrase might be there.
The GL sen, you'll see a lot of stuff coming from that today.
In the United States, the National Human Trafficking Hotline provides “human trafficking victims and survivors with access Page  to critical support and services to get help and stay safe, and to equip the antitrafficking community with the tools to effectively combat all forms of human trafficking.” Globally, the United Nations tracks the movement of humans being trafficked and works to dismantle injustices that can lead to trafficking of humans of all genders.
So toxic masculinity is a type of mask, right?
And that is just a terrible list hearing you read it out loud.
If you need help, reach out to the resources at your institution or ✦ The Trevor Project: Get started by texting ‘START’ to - or go to their website where you can chat with a counselor ✦ Suicide and Crisis Lifeline: Dial  ✦ National Sexual Assault Hotline: Call ..HOPE () to be connected with a trained staff member from a sexual assault service provider in your area All research is supported with a link to the source material.
What are some ideas that you have?
Every person is different.
They will not sit and wait for some manager or director or VP or old person to tap them on their shoulder and say, Tell me what you think.
Questioning is somebody who's questioning.
If, you know, somebody like, I would really like to write an article about that and share that story because that's important work.
Biological essentialism is not, it's not a, it's not manifest destiny of a boy's humanity.
Professor Hill please uh make whatever statement you would wish to make to the committee.
Some scholars don’t think the third-wave has ended.
So that's the manosphere.
Thank you so much.
People reporting the story.
And then we all shrug and we move on.
And so even though we can't join one another in person this year, I'm sort of feeling that spirit and energy so thrilled to be here.
What kind of man is that to me, that is enacting a problematic brand of masculinity.
But one of the quotes from one of these four chan channels, “feminists and religious zealots strive to take all sexual outlets away from men, be it prostitution, sex travel or mere pornography for masturbation.
I want that for the world, like… Tara: Right.
That all all it means is it goes across in the sense that somebody might be.
During this wave, the right to abortion was codified by the Supreme Court with the case Roe v.
And I was like, OK, so, I mean, I know, or you might see a student wearing a pin of one of these.
There's now a native Lives matter.
In October of that year, she and her family set up the Malala Fund to raise awareness about equitable education and to advocate for girls all over the world.
So I, I think toxic femininity is absolutely a thing, but I feel like that's been done like we did it.
It could be about privilege and talking about that in the class.
It's a type of masculinity.
When I talk about toxic masculinity at all, I want the men in my life to feel safe and loved and emotional and, and feel like they can be themselves.
All right, maybe I'm not gonna turn it off.
The white men go being affixed pretty soon, but what's all this here talking about?
But in her piece for when misogynists become terrorists from The New York Times, she is talking about that, what we have been trying to do in the feminist community, and by the way, incels fucking hate feminists.
Ever again, every school climate is different.
Return to "Gender-Based Violence"
They all fall under this umbrella.
So that's a fundamental misunderstanding, I think bears repeating.
So a word you may have heard that is no longer appropriate would be hermaphrodite.
This is just the tip of the conversation we have lots of episodes about this on our podcast, that is free.
Katie Couric: When Ellie, then your son, said that.
He called and said, quote, “monster ratings” be a man, Jimmy!” Would somebody else like to explain why?
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Got it.
And, and they're leading on it.
So we need more voices pushing back against us.
And every culture is different.
You know, you can follow hashtags and follow scholars who are doing this work and then sharing stories when you see one and maybe putting a comment or even just sharing it without comment and see if people read it and say anything.
We actually, we heard that from our alums that they have the confidence to do that day one of whatever that job there is.
I also thought that he might find an excuse for dismissing me.
And that's not to put undue pressure on them, but I almost feel like it's a challenge that they rise to naturally.
And in fact, I think with John Hopkins last year apologized for doing this, the problems that that created.
But asexual just kind of means they don't have sexual feelings.
Slavery is enforced labor with no compensation.
And she teaches courses in composition and rhetoric.
It kind of feels chaotic, however, it's not, and it feels very normal to me.
Clearly, I'm not parenting, I don't know.
And I talked a lot about pronouns in the other program.
If we do not make room in our language, it seems we cannot make room in our society for anyone who does not fall on either side of the slash between he and she.
So all lives matter is a focus on the individual.
Ideas such as “boys will be boys” and “girls are drama queens” suggest that one’s roles are determined by the differences in brains and bodies and that society is an insignificant factor in one’s behaviors when it comes to gender.
We had a thirst for education.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Oh, my God.
Lack of access to birth control results in more than  million unintended pregnancies each year in the developing world.
Individual" Episode Transcript Episode : Structural v.
cis people love cake, and they love talking about the sex of a baby, and we're going to break that down today.
After Ashley Judd publicly accused Harvey Weinstein of sexual assault in , Alyssa Milano posted a tweet with #metoo attached, and that tweet went viral.
From here we have basketball and bows; we have baseball and bows, very common splitting.
In other words, countries where girls and boys have similar rates of completing primary school are also more democratic.
And our beautiful dreams turned into nightmares.
• How do gender norms affect your life?
• Create a voter registration drive on your campus.
So I think we could all be a little more aware.
Sex used to be thought of as a Provided by The Gingerbread Person (online version) Page  binary by many people (there have always been people who knew there was something beyond this binary); that meant one’s body was either a “girl” body or a “boy” body according to medicine, families, and other institutions.
Are certain stereotypes (widely held and oversimplified beliefs about people and things) or gender norms reinforced through these advertisements?
Use the singular pronoun.” The authors also caution writers against using they with the antecedents anybody, somebody and someone.
We got one minute.
A generous expression is how you want to display your Page  gender.
So I had to look it up.
But it is, I found it difficult to balance that, basically saying that, you know, between them, you know, I have a certain body, and I'll have certain levels of, you know, chemicals in my brain, adrenaline and such.
So then your gender expression, you might hear people say that that's what people see on the outside.
So toxic masculinity, when we talk about this is we're, I'm always trying to say, like, this is not innate in men.
You don't have to have your manhood questioned because you expressed regret, right?
• Model inclusive behavior when with friends.
The pendulum is swinging and people are very uncomfortable with that.
So that's, I think, the first moment of this idea of toxic masculinity that connects the idea of being a boy to the idea of being innately or naturally violent.
Well, it can be about individual behavior.
I suggest terms identifies.
So if gender identity, the some of those little terms there that you don't need to see, I'm just looking here.
Watch The Mask Trailer on YouTube - Read trailer transcript Trailer for The Mask You Live In Page  “Locker Room Talk” I am an adult on a talk show discussing politics and sexual assault.
BECAUSE we see fostering and supporting girl scenes and girl artists of all kinds as integral to this process.
But, of course, but here's the thing, the fact that I haven't encountered this, and I think a lot of people haven't.
So in nineteen ninety seven, sixteen year old gymnast was taking part in a youth program at MSU, and she told her coach that they were uncomfortable with how Nasser put his hands inside of them.
I chose the second one.
And that would be, again, Toxic masculine being enacted.
I think eventually most people understood that, like maybe Barbie's problematic and that maybe the way we talk about our bodies is a problem.
What’s equally important, and perhaps more important, if we actually want to get these things done, is listening to them, but also truly hearing them, hearing them when they talk about their vision of a future and a reality that is much more inspiring, frankly, than what we're able to give them today.
For a thorough look at the terminology of sexuality, please review the lecture above.
We have it on a structural level because I sit in front of you with tons of privilege, right?
Once out of the hospital I became more committed to find other employment and sought further Page  to minimize my contact with Thomas.
So we wanted to pull some quotes that might be about the rigidity of gender roles.
Likes to deal with ideas, but not a problem.
And she repeated it three times, and the, the far right picked up on that.
Be sure that all single sex stalls on campus have these products to support transgender students.
But, I mean, again, you and I both have daughters.
Person  : I just was going to say, I really like how you explain how this is is trying to let men out of that box.
• Listen to the people around you and use their correct pronouns.
To understand what gender means, first one needs to know what the term sex means in the context of identity— because sex and gender are not the same, even though people confuse the terms.
So he wrote, because then he killed himself.
I should have added that.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So the talk around the table today is about sexual assault in the news.
A gender fluid person is not necessarily queering the idea of gender.
Gender, according to a cis, is a deconstruction of cis people's concept of gender based on their cake.
All these different things.
Page  But it is time the world thinks bigger.
Telling the world is the most difficult experience of my life, but it is very close to having to live through the experience that occasion this meeting.
Amanda: And part of the problem with missing that part is that if we missed that part, if we looked past that part, we reject that component.
It's sending a message that a man is the standard.
But he went off the fucking rails on this and Twitter man who, and then he wrote like, a hole explanation on Twitter.
Organizations such as the World Bank have worked to help expand the role of women in developing economies.
I declined any comment to newspapers but later when Senate staff asked me about these matters, I felt I had a duty to report.
So a cyst gender person is a person whose sex assigned at birth or biological sex aligns or is the same as their gender.
And part of it is because in the middle of this, he uploaded a video to YouTube and it was called Elliot Roger's retribution.
In the example, with that Texas church shooting, I saw women online on Twitter specifically saying, well, what about the man with the gun who took the shooter down?
My brave sisters, Shazy and Kayna, who were also shot their day on our school bus, but they had not stopped learning.
So it's this kind of big, broad term that is folks who aren't straight and folks who aren't this gender.
It’s the cultural ideal of manliness, where strength is everything while emotions are a weakness; where sex and brutality are yardsticks by which men are measured, while supposedly “feminine” traits—which can range from emotional vulnerability to simply not being hypersexual—are the means by which your status as “man” can be taken away.
So let's try something different.
But soon some members of his community demanded he not use the men’s room and instead use a unisex, single-stall bathroom.
This is like within the incel chatter.
Photo by jaikishan patel on Unsplash Photo by Andrew Khaanh on Unsplash Page  Gender Gaps Wage Gap All over the world, women performing the same jobs as men are paid significantly less for their work.
Again, I'm saying words that should not be said, but I'm saying them.
We could not just stand by and see those injustices of the terrorists denying our rights, ruthlessly killing people and misusing the name of Islam.
Colleen Clemens: So he talks about some writers, individuals.
Right there at the bottom to no sexual attraction.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, So like ten years ago, this heavy bonus type stuff wasn't violent.
And it's the value of that contribution that I think is the most important intervention.
Why do you think that?
Stop saying be a man to your friends, your family, Colleen: Boys don’t cry And these are things like even I have, right?
I know what's happening.
billion annually in legal and medical services, judicial system costs and lost productivity.” The United Nations estimates that, worldwide, one in three women will experience GBV.
And so because Stacey is withholding sex from these people who are in cells and giving Stacey, quote, unquotes, giving sex to Chad thereby, Chad is like getting all the commodity.
May I understand it, But we children don't.
I mean, I think her gender is girl.
So that, besides, this was from February twelve, twenty nineteen, six fifty p m.
Page  Melissa: So I think it's just, there's this urgency, there's this energy, but there's a fight and there's a spirit there that I think is really important for us to really stay focused on, too, that can help us drive our spirit and our energy, especially in in this moment.
The popularity of the name of these parties shows how easy it is for people to mix up the terms “sex” and “gender.” From now on, you will know that such parties are really sex reveal parties!
They diverge always from sports.
Because it's way easier to do that than to really learn and think about structures.
Colleen Clemens: And, you know, so when somebody embodies that, like Donald Trump, right to me, he's embodying those structural issues, then I'm willing to talk about it at the base level.
That's the point of terrorism, right?
• Why is economic justice a gendered issue?
It's nice to present and not have to do all the other things.
Page  It's not just all masculinity.
Ask others what their list might be.
So maybe that's part of why people are defensive, is it?
Policies or laws can enforce inequity between genders.
So like everybody who falls outside of those two like really rigid things.
And and how will you know, when a program like Girl Up ten years on now, twenty thirty, however many years, how will you know that you will have that you have succeeded?
But when we see toxic masculinity in the world be a man that sort of things.
Because you're probably here because we all just want to do better by our students.
Part of what we have to come to grips with is that this is not a story simply of individual misconduct but of systemic inequity, a story of nuts and bolts, infrastructure of gender injustice that has permeated generations, centuries of this behavior.
But in fact, I'm very proud to be the first Pashtoon, the first Pakistani and the youngest person to receive this award.
Many of these illnesses could be prevented with better reproductive health systems and rights for women.
Colleen: And what this conversation is about, is to spare my six year old nephew that experience.
It is a very warm part of my life at the present time.
So really, those parties should be called sex reveal parties.
So if we ever want this to stop and people say they wanted to stop, then we need to have honest conversations about how somebody like Larry Nassar can molest girls in the same room with their parents.
Fourth-Wave Feminism There isn’t necessarily an agreed upon definition of fourth-wave feminism because we are living in it—but one might say the idea of gender and equity with a more global, intersectional approach is the focus of the current wave of feminism.
So, so the reason that we think this is this was an important thing that we wanted to talk about today is because people who immediately kind of draw inward to themselves and get really upset when toxic masculinity is mentioned.
“Domestic violence and sexual assault have ongoing and destabilizing effects on individuals, families and communities, resulting in violations of dignity and human rights.
(This case was overturned in  with Dobbs v.
Let's solve this once and for all.
In , African American women, for example, called for integration in the defense marketplace, though after the war, many of these women quickly lost their jobs.
There are many insulting things that happen, but these are, these are directed to men.
And then finally, in these terms is attraction or sexuality.
So now we're going to, actually, and obviously, you didn't write your name, so I don't know who wrote what, And it doesn't matter.
I mean, it's just like people who get out of white supremacist movements, right?
So they care about all these issues deeply because they impact them, but it isn't about them.
And so that's going to create a vacuum that needs to be filled by something.
Colleen: So here's the thing, right?
Who wants to see women having equal rights and who wants peace in every corner of the world?
Those who believe social construction theories of gender may find essentialism limiting and argue that society teaches boys to be rough and tough and girls to be sweet and soft, but that they are not born that way.
So we need their different approach, right?
On one occasion I needed to get a reference from him and on another he made a public appearance in Tulsa.
So here is an example in nineteen ninety seven, where a system that was in place that was supposed to support and protect girls did not listen to them.
Tara: I mean, I think we are, there are many ways that we share a lot of the same privileges in our life.
Sometimes people like to ask me, why should girls go to school?
Of course, of course, sexual assault, partner violence, INCEL movements, all of that type of misogynistic violence .
If you never cried, then you have all these feelings stuffed up inside of you and then you can't get them out.
Suggested Readings • Judith Lorber, “The Social Construction of Gender” • Janet Mock, "Redefining Realness” • Liam Lair, “Navigating Transness in the U.S.: Understanding the Legacies of Eugenics” • Cheryl Chase, “Hermaphrodites with Attitude: Mapping the Emergence of Intersex Political Activism” • Tina Vasquez, “It’s Time to End the Long History of Feminism Failing Transgender Women” • Cheryl Chase, "Hermaphrodites with Attitude: Mapping the Emergence of Intersex Political Activism” •  Terms That Describe Gender Identity and Expression Why do gender norms matter?
This book is meant to provide a foundation for students to learn the terms and concepts in women’s and gender studies.
Gender norms surrounding women can also be harmful—and cause a second harm to women of color when the norms are rooted in whiteness.
While many countries are starting to realize that there is a gendered aspect to poverty and are crafting new policies accordingly, great disparities still exist.
Then in two thousand, a university employee at MSU failed the girls.
And if you have ideas for other sessions, if you put it in the I Page  think Q and A, it'll keep a record, and that'll help us plan and think about what else folks might want to talk about.
Colleen Clemens: So what you're talking about in feminist circles is people calling this the MeToo backlash.
I have my pronoun, then it doesn't other so deeply somebody for whom their pronouns might be different.
What are little boys made of?
So this person wrote, “as someone who visited Toronto at the beginning of the month, I can see how a man from that city could be driven to kill a bunch of people like that.
mental health and gun control… Amanda : There’s a third option and it includes gender violence… Colleen: So what I did, and it includes a gender violence question.
The American Dialect Society (ADS) named it ’s Word of the Year.
We are equal to you.” No, if that's what to separate you.
I hate my bangs.
The forced import of people from the African continent to the United States created the plantation lifestyle that defined the American South.
We must fight for education.
I would just ask you to breathe through it, sit with those feelings.
If you use it, you might you notice all the flags?
It's never girls do this.
So I put a big star next to the thing that I think is most important is that ninety seven percent of LGBTQ students could identify at least one staff member supportive of the LGBTQ students at their school.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, and give me one more hyper example.
However, many women throughout the world face this issue and continue to struggle for reproductive rights, especially in developing countries.
Colleen: So most of the research that's been done on gender and brains or sex and brains, I should go shows very small differences.
And I know there are a lot of people out there who think terrorism should only be applied to sort of the political terrorism.
So, yeah, no, we don't have any answers here.
I see a Q and A.
Attend a lecture they are sponsoring.
Like when I'm with my six year old, I have not sending her.
That they believe there was one way to move through the world, and I have to, God damn it, move through the world in this way, even if it kills me, which happens a lot.
So I'm sick of this… Amanda : We’re all for gun control.
Is that a result of toxic masculinity, or is it related?
Melissa:  Lot’s of joy, right?
The Roman Empire exploited the labor of thousands, if not millions, of prisoners of war.
So, anybody who has Page  any proposals, please do send those.
Because if we want to believe there's this rigidity about sex, not gender, then there's no space for change.
OK, this is all connected.
Colleen: I’m not say most, or all.
Really do encourage you to do that.
It's really about how do we center the voices that for so many years have been silenced and underrepresented?
By the way, I appreciate your.
Colleen Clemens: What do you forward to getting the Nobel Peace Prize for figuring that out?
She had a child when she herself was a child, only fourteen.
wearing pink “pussy” hats to draw attention to Trump’s comments about what he thought he could grab.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So just to end this table talk, then what can we do?
That this is gender based violence.
One of the most important moments of activism came a day after the inauguration of Donald Trump who had been recorded admitting to sexually assaulting women, famously saying he can “grab” women “by the pussy” in .
So I like the gender bread person because it has these terms here.
That actually plays a big, big part in helping people to understand that when you talk about difficult things, like talks like masculinity or other issues, that it's not about a personal attack on individuals, and it's also not about individual.
You are the locker room talk.
But I just, you know, I just want to wrap up because I have said something about feminists to an article like that, Right?
While men do face a number of gender-based issues, the consequences of many gender inequities may be felt more strongly by women and those in the Page  transgender community.
And so I'm going to break it down for you.
And Amanda co host the podcast Inside two hundred and fifty-four, where they share conversations they have when they close the door of their office.
Yeah, so thank you again for coming and as soon as we get August program figured out we will blast it out there on social media, Meetup, our newsletter, and in the meantime just check out our website lvhumanists.org.
That's normalizing it, because that means what we're saying is to me, all of these things are, are insulting to boys.
“Trans” means to cross over; hence the word (always used as an adjective) “transgender.” So, a person who is sexed female and has a male gender identity is transgender while a person who is sexed female and has a female gender identity is cisgender.
I was born on a farm in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma in .
If you're in a university, look at your university community, look at the legal system.
it would have been more comfortable to remain silent.
Colleen: And I was driving and I almost pulled off the road when she said she was fat.
Because I was extreme uncomfortable talking about sex with him at all, and particularly in such a graphic way, I told him that I did not want to talk about these subjects.
Page  Pathways to Gender Equity Slowly but surely changes are being made to create equitable opportunities for both men and women.
It is not saying toxic men, right?
It wasn't just men.
Finally, I'm gonna reply, like, I can pretty much move on.
And, you know, people who identify as all different genders.
And one thing I want you to make sure you leave with today is pulling apart the two terms of sex and gender and realizing, at least in these conversations, it is two different things.
Women wanted access to more spaces and to have more agency in making their own decisions about work—and their reproduction, specifically birth control, which became another important facet of this wave’s activism that led directly to the next wave… Second-Wave Feminism When one thinks of second-wave feminism (in US and Britain, early s to late s/earlys), one might think of women’s rights in the sense of bodily National Archives Passers-By Looking at Window Display at the Headquarters of National Association Opposed to Woman Suffrage, ca.
For the transgender community, the U.S.
Let this be the last time that a girl or a boy spends their childhood in a factory.
I'll just use my.
Yeah, a president who is willing to emasculate and shame, Right?
He is a, he's a starmaker.
You might start having the feels, whatever that is.
Colleen Clemens: Yeah, it just came out today.
That's the nugget, right.
OK, Is all of OK, Who's a chad?
Colleen Clemens: So Chad and Stacey are the, the terms that this population gives to normies or people who represent kind of the beautiful people.
I don't want to talk about people per se.
Neuroscientist Lise Eliot has done extensive work to show that the brains of girls and boys are not all that different.
In certain cases, high-ranking officials, such as religious leaders, have stepped in to speak to men about making decisions to create healthy families.
What I understand, because I see this very much with feminism as well is when I talk about feminism, I'm not saying that white men should have less or suffer.
I think that's, I'm just picturing in my mind just a flood of these activist souls kind of going out into the world, fanning out into so many different industries and areas of, you know, the places that we know need so much support from girls leadership to kind of get to where we know we need to be.
Library of Congress Susan B.
But one thing that I talk about in that in that presentation is a survey I do at the beginning of the semester, and all the survey is, is like, what name should I call you?
Instead of providing citations at the end of the book, I have embedded links that will take you directly to the source material.
Distinguished members of the Norwegian Novel Committee, their sisters and brothers.
Throughout the period of these conversations, he also from time to time asked me for social engagement.
Again, it's not a natural.
Representatives from all around the world will meet in the United Nations to set the next set of goals.
Colleen: And I'm really grateful that you were here, and that you were part of this conversation.
When one’s sex assigned at birth does not align with one’s gender, a person may or may not participate in gender affirming medical care.
Colleen: I was on a TV show where a man directly said this to me.
However, sometimes women emerge from conflict with opportunity to make strides toward gender equity.
When we're talking about masculinity or gender constructs, we're talking about structural things.
OK, what's all the men?
Some improvements were seen, specifically a reduction in maternal mortality by half since .
These are a lot of individual failures.
So you don't ever say them?
I want to use that privilege to some good end and push conversations about how we can all be better people.
All right, No, it didn't happen exactly the way I was initially thinking it was or whatever.
You heard them bring that up.
And I would like to see that.
Page  GBV are often underreported; a  survey showed that almost % of the community had experienced domestic violence perpetrated by a family member.
Understanding how people identify allows us to define gender differently.
And so the quotes on polling are related to the idea of structural and systemic issues.
Their own children are in good schools.
I've been suspended at least once, every year here.
Not about you, Colleen: but also.
The technological landscape created new spaces for activists and thinkers to connect.
And that has worked again and again to beat back any resistance to it.” A little further down in the article, “It got worse in no small part because of these big structural protections because of the systems, the powerful designed to protect the powerful from incursions by the less powerful." So you want to jump it in?
So… Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Right.
This is not a word that I would just throw them out, but it's also a word you will Page  see, especially folks within the queer community will use.
I mean, you're all here.
Donald Trump tweeted “Shister Joe Biden.
Surgeries can be all different kinds of surgeries.
Where Does Gender Come From?
he began to show displeasure in his tone and voice, and his demeanor, and his continued pressure for an explanation.
I don't want to tear my white male husband down, but I do want to tear down some of the structures that lets him move through the world a little differently than I do.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: I think that's a good place to end the thought today.
Lutz Clemens and A.
So toxic masculinity really breeds in that space that there is only one way to be a man and the only access you're going to have to that is through violence, hyperage, agency, sex, right?
In fact, there were  million slaves in the world in , a number that has risen to  million in , more than at any time in history.
Amanda: Yeah, that's good.
Colleen Clemens: This is like, this is directly related to kind of the manosphere.
I've heard ACAB, is that a signed cop at birth?
Sometimes I can get you done on the weekend.
And there are lots of ranges of being somebody who is intersex.
Was this weird kind of paternal patriarchal?
That is the the basis and the reliance on the, on this toxicity to exist.
So I'm just excited to get to talk to you more about what this all means for all of us.
It encompasses threats of violence and coercion.
I can’t know what men say in men’s locker rooms.
All genders start from baby, and all the specific genders can always trace back to baby.
So what can we do about it?
Now, the singular they is addressing another problem with English grammar: There is no room for gender identities other than the he/she binary of singular pronouns.
And you heard a bunch of other variations of that in the clip as well.
Wartime in an industrial economy forces many changes on society.
This will set the world's ambition for the next generations.
Of course, traditional male roles are also demanding.
After a conflict ends and a society begins to rebuild, both men’s and women’s roles need to be taken into consideration.
Colleen Clemens: Today’s talk around the table is about toxic masculinity.
And it's not that at all right, has nothing to do with that.
Now, who's getting now or like getting, if you think about, like, what a cow has to run through, you get one shot such as one shot that you don't know where that line.
I am also honored received this award together with Kerala Satyati, who has been a champion for children's rights for a long time, twice as long, in fact, than I have been alive.
I would be actually really interested in that.
However, only % of Fortune  companies were run by female CEOs in .
And that will mean, but, and it's also really hard to let go of some privilege.
Some material originally published in Facing the Future, Western Washington University; Skelton, Laura; Jacob, Sheeba; Hendrickson, Danica; Shaw, Danielle; and Clemens, Colleen, "Exploring Global Issues: Social, Economic, and Environmental Interconnections, Second Edition - Teacher Guide" ().
Or maybe ten years later, a student will come back and tell you and our kids are watching.
"Toxic Masculinity" Episode Transcript Episode : Toxic Masculinity Page  Questions to Consider • When is the last time you were aware of a gender norm in your life?
This is, this is a desire in creating fear.
At least I argue that it is not, right?
The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW), for example, is often referred to as the international bill of rights for women.
Reproductive rights are legal rights and freedoms regarding reproduction and reproductive health.
Kimberlé Crenshaw coined the term in  when, as a lawyer, she tried to make a judge see that a Black woman would experience discrimination differently than a white woman would.
Here again in nineteen ninety nine is another coach who says to the girl who, and this is the other thing that comes up, Amanda, all the time is why didn't they say anything?
But the American dream is if a man works hard, is an honest and upstanding citizen.
Legal system didn't do it.
That same bloody history prompted the country’s women to form the majority of the nation’s leadership.
And we want to equip them to go out into the world, to be the better leaders, to solve the problems that will benefit the most people.
And I tried really hard not to socially construct her gender for her.
Why is it that making tanks is so easy?
And maybe we'll soon land on Mars.
It's a Band Aid, right?
Another factor that made my search more difficult, was that this was a period this was during a period of a hiring freeze in the government.
Page  What is Violent or “Toxic” Masculinity?
It's literally saying, yes, human women and sex robots, the act of sex and sex robots are just all the same.
We have already taken many steps.
He knows how to do this.
Within these societies, legal, political, and economic power are often held by a male majority without concern for gender equity.
Their brothers and sisters.
That's a good one for.
Anita Hill: I do.
But if you have aggrieved entitlement and you are taught that women owe you this, then this is a natural outcropping or a natural move that some men, definitely not all men.
A person does not need to have any kind of medical intervention in order to be transgender.
This kind of confusion leads to hurt feelings and anger in discussions about gender, so being clear to separate the structural from the individual is important.
I conducted a full hour of exhausting research on the topic, and as an outsider, I am the person who's best able to see what cis people believe about gender based on the writing that they do on their most important pieces of material: Cakes.
Gender identity or gender is how somebody feels about how they move in the world as a gendered or non gendered person.
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, my God, folks, I feel so not in the know right now.
there was another call about another possible conference in the July of .
And ain't a woman?
But they want to kill Stacey often at those just below them on the ladder, because clearly they deserve what they are getting far less than you do.
Colleen Clemens: Because this is terror enacted on an entire community, right?
Vis, cos, zir and zim came into being, but their use was limited.
So in other words, if you don't want that to be the only outlet for people who are assaulted or abused or harassed to go, well, then maybe start looking at the structures around you and see how you can improve them.
Take turns with others in activism—we don’t all have to hold the notes all the time in the choir.
Colleen Clemens: Don’t immediately shut somebody down if they ask a question, Amanda Morris D’Agostino: and that's the thing.
Although some saw this announcement as a blow to advocacy for transgender rights, Gavin continues his fight within the legal system and is now an activist.
Trafficking of human beings is a gross abuse of human rights.
I don't do quantitative research, so I don't want to pretend like I know the answer to that question, but hopefully you have better language to ask specific questions.
In many places, including both developed and developing nations, elements of these roles persist today.
More and more women participated in the economy, got involved in reform movements related to slavery and women’s rights, wrote for newspapers, and lobbied political This sign was designed to be placed in the window of a home so that all who passed would know that the woman within had exercised her right under the th amendment and registered to vote.
The following podcast episode explains the importance of separating the individual from the structural (click the following icon on the right to take you to the audio): What might be some gender norms connected to femininity?
People are forced into many different types of slavery— domestic service, forced labor, or sexual activity.
When boys are taught to see girls as their equals, they are less inclined to participate in child marriage, leading to better maternal health.
And then, we find out that shoes mean something.
I see there's a bunch on chat, too, but let me just, if you give me a sec, I'll just grow and make sure.
And I think that you're right, that if we could scale that experience, if we could introduce more people around the world to what it's like to really have a girl led world and you live and that you live and breathe that every single day as part of Girl Up.
So toxic masculinity is it limits men's ability to have to be a more complicated, full individual with a range of emotions.
United Nations on Gender and Climate Change Page  logging, agribusiness, and unsanctioned water use.
And a couple summers back, I tried to merlot.
And so the idea of performing and social interactions.
I had a good deal of responsibility and independence.
When you look at our Girl Up leaders coming into the world paired with these amazingly committed women who have been on this fight, where do you see that potential?
That's what I do with my son.
And I was like, I'm done with you.
So if sex assigned to birth is your biological sex, is your body is your body right?
And we notice that as teachers, we do that right?
I know the face you're looking is what?
But people really want to be simplistic and just say, well, society is this way or that way.
Page  Colleen: That is the hyper.
And I am, embarrassingly, I was surprised by someone I knew for half of their life coming out to me as trans.
GUN it's the opposite of glitter.
Continual education for all involved in childbearing and childrearing will continue to improve lives around the world.
Just have to accept that breath through it and then make two little moves.
This is so this is the chatter.
Colleen Clemens: And I will.
And that's been important over the last, you know, two months, slash, two and a half years forever.
Women born in the early and mid th century had differing expectations for their daughters.
Like, I am the problem.
Investing in Education Watch Halth the Sky Movement video on YouTube - only audio is slow background music Half The Sky Movement on Educating Girls Page  In many parts of the developing world, by the time a girl is  years old she has most probably left school in order to take care of the household, cook, and clean.
As far as I know, I'm just a committed, an even stubborn person, who wants to see every child getting quality education.
And I was like, who taught you?
What has been done to address these issues?
That was New York Times, February eighth, which was, by the way, where I called the list that I just read, quote, another headline.
Do you want to know what more of the words mean from that Facebook?
I was also trying to change the subject to education matters or to non-sexual personal matters such as his background or his beliefs.
I am those sixty six million girls who are deprived of education.
And this is what I meant when I tweeted, Toxic masculinity is killing us all.
The militants “Malala Yousafzai” is licensed under CC BY .
Could you maybe give us an example?
Because the reality is it hasn't been working.
I have no personal vendetta against Clarence Thomas.
So just like me, I don't, I don't like to benefit from white privilege, but I do.
Colleen Clemens: I give you a hyper example?
Trafficking, in general, means dealing or trading in something illegal.
Page  I don't do that, but that's kind of the school board, the school board line I hear.
Yeah, I again, I hate email.
I was so relieved that I wasn't having a boy child.
It's the cultural ideal of manliness, where strength is everything, while emotions are a weakness where sex and brutality are yardsticks by which men are measured, while supposedly quote, feminine Page  traits which can range from emotional vulnerability to simply not being hypersexual, are the means by which your status as a quote man can be taken away.” So it is… Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Well, I was going to say, I, I feel that's a, that's a pretty, that's a pretty broad definition.
And we can just pick and choose.
Today, in half of the world, we see rapid progress and development.
So masculinity is gender.
Orange the World  - Kyrgyzstan by UN Women is licensed under CC BY-NC-ND ..
I don't know this person they talk about.
I am going to get to pronounce.
OK, this is all connect Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Course it is.
Page  Colleen: So the boogeyman of toxic masculinity is having your masculinity questioned as if that were a bad thing.
Colleen Clemens: In , an MSU volleyball player went to the trainer to ask about a general complaint about a doctor making her uncomfortable.
Yeah, two days ago.
This is that we did not focus your violence against women.
So sexual or right.
We talk till the food gets here, OK?
Against someone else's masculinity as a wage, but I have it laid down to insult them down.
Pronouns Knowing a person’s pronouns and using the correct pronouns for a person are important ways to ensure everyone’s identity is recognized.
And I was like look, if it's not against the rules, then you can do it.
But again, if I circle back to this is done out of a concern for men.
And so, from there, it all makes sense.
But if the structures that were in place had worked in the way that people say they work, this would have stopped a long time ago.
So I'm going to read for the benefit of those of you.
If I don't answer your question about intersex, I'll get to the end of it.
I mean, keep disrupting.
These incidents took place in his office or mine, they were in the form of private conversations, which not would not have been overheard by anyone else.
So it's not the only type of masculinity, but what type is it?
I am not a lone voice.
Great." You know, and that's where our stance as people, as teachers, as mothers and aunts and uncles and grandparents is to be able to, when we have the power identifying those at risk youth.
So I tell her, gender is how you feel about yourself and sexuality is how you feel about others.
And I put that slide there because I want to remind you that it is OK to make mistakes.
So here, again, sex assigned, sex assigned at birth.
And you have a lot of testosterone, therefore, you're violent.
So it's a challenge.
Environmental sustainability is deeply connected to gender equity worldwide.
My efforts to change the subject were rarely successful.
Those are the points where we can intervene, and we can stop these major attacks as well as just that smaller mentality of yeah, he did a good thing.
In the words of one participant, “Ever since participating in Reel Grrls, I see the world through new eyes.” Boys are also affected by what they see in the media.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So having better language, more precise language, more accurate language to talk about it, write about it and think about it definitely helps.
If you go back to the guy in Canada, he was an out INCEL.
Colleen Clemens: So he is like the holy patron saint of Incels because he did this.
And if you're trying, that counts for so much.
And this is just one example.
And our own language is a great first place to start.
BECAUSE we are angry at a society that tells us Girl = Dumb, Girl = Bad, Girl = Weak.
And it's been thrilling to watch.
It was all about what you just mentioned.
This is a structural issue, And Valenti calls out people that try to see these only as singular instances as opposed to a connection.
And so the need is no less great.
Her dissertation focuses on issues of veiling in literature and studies the intersection of women’s issues in art and politics (Full CV).
It's just black and white and not acknowledge any gray areas because that's complicated.
There were occasions in which I spoke to her and on some of these occasions undoubtedly, I passed on some casual comment to then chairman Thomas.
And I use this slide in the last presentation as well, because it is, it's very overwhelming.
Go back and watch that.
And so if care is a verb that feels better, that's totally fine.
There's a lot of defensiveness.
There's lots of ways that you can.
It invariably distorts one's vision and leads to a misdirected anger.
So, but it doesn't mean they're attracted to everybody.
The idea that it's toxic masculine, the belief that a man cannot do from sexually assaulted you didn't.
That's what I would tell a nine year old.
Because this trajectory of toxic masculinity is, it can only be fulfilled when you have status and status.
Why do leaders accept that for children in developing countries, only basic literacy is sufficient when their own children do homework in algebra, mathematics, science, and physics?
Our alums are at work, our younger girl leaders who are in school trying to figure out their path and their next step.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So these, these are, these are all men.
Melissa: Slash always, right?
We cannot know all that our students carry with them into our classrooms.
It is a transgender person or transgender people.
So the toxicness of this gender construct of masculinity.
No, I heard there.
I think the, is a pizza here?
Human Trafficking Slavery is a centuries-old practice.
So let's talk about these three phrases.
Gender can mean many different things.
Leaders must seize this opportunity to guarantee a free quality primary and secondary education for every child .
That is a psychopathy.
Colleen Clemens: And, well, you asked earlier, what should we do?
Return to "Chapter One" Page  “Ep  Privilege: Conflating personal with structural” Transcript   Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Welcome inside Two fifty four.
It is only after a great deal of agonizing consideration and a great number of sleepless nights, that I am able to talk of these unpleasant matters to anyone but my close friends.
We decided to raise our voice and tell them.
His name is invoked all the time, like he is seen as, like you just said, kind of the supreme leader, the thing to look up to, the one we should emulate, the one that we do these things in the name of.
At the same time, punk rock was a space where women could express their anger at the discrimination they saw—and the violence perpetrated against women.
So… Amanda: And how you perform it, Does that depend on your relational position, to the people around you, to your family, to your culture?
So if you have something that you're like, I really love an hour on this, just go ahead and put it in the chat.
I mean, if it truly were that simple.
So, you know, with Girl Up, that's kind of always been where we have stayed focused.
However, there are institutions all over the world trying to help those who are enslaved through trafficking.
SEWA helps members organize services such as savings and credit, insurance, health care, and legal aid.
Most people miss that as depression, or see it as a conduct disorder, or just a bad kid,  I felt like just giving up on life you know I see had suicide thought to my head at sixth grade.
• What strategies for supporting gender equity make the most sense to you?
in connection with that March invitation, Miss Karl wanted some conference materials for the seminar and some research was needed I was asked to try to get the information and did attempt to do so.
The boys in our lives deserve better, and we must work to dismantle the cultural messages and societal structures that promote toxic masculinity.
My trigger warning is not a pass for lack of engagement.
By , every state passed legislation that allowed women to keep their earnings and to own property.
We will overthrow all the chads.
Women may lack knowledge about birth control, they may be too poor to afford it, they may not be allowed to use it because it is neither socially nor religiously acceptable, or they simply may not have access.
So, um, so Ashley asked a really good question about why somebody who's this gender hit would use pronouns.
You know, I don't give a fuck at this point.
And thank God it's starting to wane “man up”.
So good is, is a tough term when I see a student, have they in their pronouns?
Marrying at such an early age can have lifelong consequences for these child brides and their children.
I want you to write what words come to mind when you hear the phrase toxic masculinity, write Colleen: You don't.
So the example that I always come back to is when black lives matter came about, then the all Lives matter signs came up and what was missing there is the individual, right?
We either should be dead or just be in service of, of sex of an INCEL.
It's a lot of stuff to try to digest.
But like they chose idolize, this is the person they chose to like be.
It's just, I like, very rarely have it.
Not as a fixed, inevitable state of being, but rather as a projection, a pose, a guise, an act, a mask that men often wear to shield our vulnerability and hide our humanity.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Well, their version of the American dream.
Facebook has over fifty choices for gender on one’s profile!
Policies that reinforce inequity may include not allowing women to own property, not giving women the right to vote, disallowing men from taking childcare leave, or denying transgender people access to a bathroom.
I began to be concerned that Clarence Thomas might take out his anger with me by degrading me, or not giving me important assignments.
Who is more of a psychopath, I don't think… Colleen: But that is based in gender.
Tara: I love what you've said about.
Upon graduation from law school, I became a practicing lawyer with the Washington DC firm of “Walled, Hark Raynor, and Ross”.
Page  Colleen Clemens: Maybe another episode.
And that's another term that I'll tell you what it is.
So now there we go.
But just think about that for a second.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Yeah, I'm looking.
Return to "Leadership” Page  “The Mask You Live In - Official Trailer” Transcript Each line of this transcript indicates a new speaker:  “Stop crying, Stop with the tears, Don't cry it yourself, Stop with the emotion, Don't be a pussy.
They include people differently, and I want them to lead us as quickly as possible.
And I think shame is very much wrapped into this.
So, again, coming back to, I hate patriarchy, but I'm married to a white man, So I'm capable of separating the two that I think people feel.
And my argument is always because toxic masculinity is, you can't hit the target.
But now feminist scholars were like, Okay, so how do we open up those spaces for boys, too?
So he gives this.
You know, I understand if somebody believes that man was made in the image of God or something like that, I understand why they would be upset when I start Page  to bring up the idea of masculinity, because now I'm questioning not just an idea, but I'm questioning a deep seated belief.
Donald Trump tweeted “@Jimmy Fallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where you're seriously messed up my hair) and that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized me”—he is taking heat.
But what we really want to talk about is that kind of low cessating range of toxic masculinity device.
So, and it's nice that I didn't realize that folks could go back and watch this again.
And this is why we should all care.
I thought it might make sense for our listeners to understand how we ended up coming to the way we're about to put this episode together because it started somewhere very different.
We don't really like Sage on the stage.
These people that end up having way too much say over somebody's lives.
In highly industrialized countries, a woman’s increased participation in paid employment has been shown to strengthen financial status for her and her family in addition to improving her mental and physical health.
It's called “The Redistribution of Sex.” And so he wrote this.
And what's the cell rebellion?
The two main schools of thought about gender formation relate to biology and society.
What does manliness mean?
Tara: And recently at a media event, we had the extreme honor and privilege of bringing together Brittany Packnett Cunningham and Tiffany Cross in conversation.
It says it's not like somebody's right.
And systems of oppression and structural oppression can still exist, right?
So let's start with a super basic question.
And now there's a whole group of people who also have the same feeling.
Thank you so much.
This is my experience.
While the majority of combatants are men, women and children are left at home, where they become vulnerable to sexual violence, including rape and forced prostitution.
Colleen Clemens: I hope to God we don't keep adding names in that list, but I have a feeling we will be.
And now the back, you know, people who are participating in the backlash are like, oh, my God, it's a witch hunt.
And now that we've had this conversation, I will look to see if anybody's written about, like, hey, I left the in movement and this is what it's like.
Um, the plus sign is just acknowledging that these things change.
Colleen: that is exactly the line I was going to give you.
So that is what intersex is.
My daughter goes to a pipeline school for that reason, because teaching conflict resolution is such an important part to me of education.
he talked about pornographic materials, depicting individuals with large penises or large breasts involved in various sex acts.
At this point, late , I began to feel severe stress on the job.
Colleen: So this is right.
We're here to teach you something.
Look at my arm.
In , The Year of Woman brought women to Congress in record numbers after watching a committee composed of only men interrogate Hill at her testimony.
So you would use sex assigned at birth, probably in, in a medical term and attracted to I've put the term sexuality.
So you might, if you can.
No, but after this person's Toronto van rampage, the left end and fifteen injured, you know, everybody's like what happened, what happened?
So now the idea of somebody who's intersex, if they want to change, there's no responsibility or need for that.
I don't want to speak for the movement, but from what I understand is that it is about the structural system of racism that has meant in the past that black bodies matter less and black bodies are in danger.
A gap in earnings between men and women can be observed even in very wealthy countries; in poor communities, gender disparities tend to be more pronounced.
Don't think too hard.
It deserves attention for its extraordinary shift away from the tone of most ads that sell “men’s” products, especially ads that run during the Super Bowl.
Collecting firewood without replanting trees can lead to the degradation of forests, which in turn can lead to increased resource scarcity; this affects all members of society.
Moreover, at that time the Department of Education itself was a dubious venture.
In the past, women shared similar status to men because they participated in equal amounts of labor.
And this is who you were, like defining them.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Exactly.
This is a great way to show allyship.
They live it, their lives are so intersectionally aware, and that piece and of itself tells me that they will solve this faster, that they will be more effective, that the ways that they approach collaboration and partnership and decision making and activism is already more open and inclusive than anything that I could even do today, after all of my learning from them.
Jean Kilbourne has been studying the problems with the depictions of women in the media and the gender norms that arise from such depictions for decades.
So the USA Gymnastics body hired a private investigator instead of going to the law because, of course, we don't want anybody to know.
Page  Amanda Morris D’Agostino: To believe the people who say there's a problem.
Girl Up Executive Director Melissa Kilby and the Head of Impact of 'The Meteor' Tara Abrahams discuss the importance of youth leadership and activism when fighting for girls and women's rights at the  Leadership Summit Partner and Investor Collective!
I can't believe it's been so long that we've gotten to do this work together, that I have a feeling that we're going to be in it for the long, long haul and just watch these girls just take off and lead.
But then it hit me,  GUN.
These things are fluid, and that the plus is just is something that people.
The movement needs you to be healthy and well.
Colleen Clemens: Even so.
I don't believe any of this, but women are naturally more peaceful.
So just knowing students, knowing that someone is there and that makes them feel safer is is it will.
Some theorists believe these theories intersect into a biosocial idea of gender.
Thank you, my friend, for, well, terrifying, but good information.
And this is not like conspiracy theory shit, like there are always white dudes who leave these shitty manifesto.
And this is very common to use the masculinity as the battery.
And he goes, God, Mom, you're such a counselor , and I'm like, what does that mean?
Because… Page  Amanda: Yes, I'll read them.
That chat made things a little easier.
She has had death threats against her.
BABY X | Animated Short Film based on Lois Gould’s  Short Story Page  that girls were more likely to be portrayed as shy and giggly while boys were seen as more powerful and assertive.
Is that it can be anybody.
Dear Brothers and sisters.
I just, I don't.
And now, right, and now we want to have those conversations with young boys if we're in the classroom or if we're parenting or, you know, wherever we are and not not like you're a terrible person.
So there is a reason why we're pulling biblical quotes.
Thus, these politicians bear partial responsibility for increasing sex crimes against women and children, and probably for the mayhem created by Elliot Roger.” And this was a recurring theme in people that attacked me on Twitter that feminists are the problem and feminists, by changing the way we speak about gender, have taken away entitlements that men deserve.
Another thing that you can do, that's actually pretty low key.
While the research on issues transgender people face in the workplace is relatively new, data suggests that transgender individuals face unique challenges in the workplace.
And so this will be also recorded.
I'm trying to remember the woman's book.
Sadly, we have parental, you know, parenting parent, the family structure failing.
Well, he treats elite athletes.
The majority of those married before their th birthday are girls, often called “child brides.” Global rates of child marriage have declined over the last  years, but it still happens at an alarmingly high rate, especially in extremely poor rural areas.
Be cool and be kind of a dick.
Okay, so thank you.
Amanda: Yeah, so it's limiting.
And this is from the CDC, Page  right?
Studies in both developed and developing countries have shown the benefits of providing women monetary income.
This is about how do we have conversations in a culture that still privileges, even though spaces are being opened.
And the answer I got all the time was, well, it's not fair.
How could you as an individual support these structural reforms?
OK, so I know that it's more than that, but she often confuses the two.
I have ploughed and planted and gathered into barns, and no man could head me.
You know, I'm a counselor.
I do not need to feel shame.
I'm not sure if that can happen.
I tell my story not because it is unique, but because it is not.
Just let that sink in for a moment.
And that's where I see this shift towards justice being so central to our young leaders today.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Well, and if we do, we'll revise well, and they need to be.
So I would like you to raise your hand throughout.
By the end of the th century, most women around the world had access to voting and standing for election.
And whoever else attacking you is the phrase toxic masculinity the same as attacking men?
And that's, I think what I'm seeing in the space and the movement is the growth of those movements and the folks who are really leading the way around recognizing that the work that they do in their community, in their country has global implications.
You're either man or your woman.
Maybe one of them is stop saying, boy, she's going to go, stop saying, lock a room, talk.
Colleen Clemens: No, that's the point.
And biological essentialism was much more popular in, like the seventies, where the idea that your biology determines your gender in the sense of if you think about it, like women are naturally more peaceful.
I don't remember what it is.
Okay, so speaking of voices have to do it again to reevaluate.
What I'm saying is a structure needs to be torn down, not a person.
So from here, sports can branch from shoes, because you have to wear shoes while you're doing in sport.
Amanda: It has to go outside those bounds.
And so I'm just so excited to see where Girl Up goes next.
And that was a transmitt, an educator who was trans that came and spoke to a training I was at, and they, they really helped reframe that for me.
Gavin became a symbol for students all over the United States eager to have their voices heard by the Supreme Court, an honor which left him “humbled.” In March , the Supreme Court "Gavin Grimm" by Pax Ahimsa Gethen is licensed under CC BY-SA .
It's not necessarily a grammar issue.
We, you and me listeners, to resist toxic masculinity need to challenge it and to change it, whether it's in the public domain or our own personal lives.
Many women around the world are denied access to even basic health care—including vaccinations and pregnancy-related check-ups—that most women in developed countries take for granted.
I would argue to you that that's enough, and anything that you do beyond that it's gravy and that's great.
So when you ask your friend that when they say something that maybe you're like, Yeah, that's like then you can have a conversation.
Once I kind of went into high school, I struggled finding people I can talk to, because I feel like I'm not supposed to get help.
Sex assigned at birth is a way to talk about one’s sex that may not align with their gender.
Amanda: Smart class, pick again.
To girls, the message is, “That violent act to which you did not consent means that he feels love for you.” And the message to boys is, “When you feel an emotion, you should express it through violence.” This kind of thinking implies that it’s strange for boys to having feelings of love that are disconnected from feelings of violence.
I'm gonna get into all these now.
Page  Tara: Well, so we know because of where we are and we've been in this space, that gender inequality persists, continues to persist.
Well, and look, I'm fine, right.
You know, if I had a boy, I loved my boy to grow up with that and just offer a positive example.
It's always, this is how to be a good person.
Every school is different.
Fifteen years ago, the world leaders decided on a set of global goals, the Millennium Development Goals.
Again, I don't want to amplify it, but I think it's really important because his name, right.
Her research interests include contemporary indigenous rhetoric, specifically, Native American rhetorics, creativity in the classroom, and the power of stories.
So do you want to know what Chad and Stacey are?
If we are concerned about the just distribution of property and money, why do we assume that the desire for some sort of sexual redistribution is inherently ridiculous?
We are trying to recognize our privilege, and that doesn't make us bad people.
One way to combat child marriage is to educate men in communities to see women’s rights as valuable.
Again, neutrality, not the things that, not the two different colors that would shoot out a cannon at a gender reveal party, which is not a gender reveal party.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Wow.
Woman: Don’t call men pussies, right?
Are they revealing gender?
And I'm sure a lot of people here are familiar with Fred Rogers.
Until then, nobody listens.
I didn't know what it meant.
And this is way beyond unhappiness, right?
As I state in my essay on Learning for Justice, “When I put a trigger warning on my syllabus, I do not see the act as coddling.
Finally, the FBI was contacted five weeks after the initial report.
I don't know what it is.
Colleen Clemens: Oh, good.
A -country study found that decreasing the gap between male and female primary school completion rates increases democracy.
Ask others what their list might be.
So that could have been a woman with a gun, right, too.
If you use it.
This awareness compels me to ensure that my students can feel safe in my classroom.
To me, it's so clear and obvious that this goes well beyond.
I don't think that moment needs to be gendered.
Typically for non gendered.
I do not launch in an hour-ling talk about that, I just say boys can be better than that, that’s it, and that's enough.
Woman : She's like “I'm not a boy, I'm a girl in my heart and in my brain.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: So the talk around the table today is about incels.
And I think we'll talk about this.
But the true, and I think more profound issue that we need to deal with on a daily basis within our classrooms and within our society is the fact that there are young men who fall victim to this mentality due to isolation and this toxic masculinity who support that person.
So maybe it is a phase in the sense that it's not forever.
OK, so in cells or which is short for involuntary celibates, are part of the online male supremacist ecosystem.
So I just wanted to throw some headlines at you.
So we're going to start, and you all have heard us talk about structures before and the difference between the structural and in the individual.
Katie Couric: Do wish they'd call you Brian?
She has worked with both those working in classrooms and in corporations to facilitate discussions about privilege, equity, and inclusion.
A social reckoning Page  commenced, with powerful men being called to account—from losing jobs to facing criminal charges (you can find a full timeline of the #metoo movement, including the list of perpetrators called to account here).
I'll explain what that is queer.
• Women are over two-thirds of the world's  million illiterate people.
I know it just changed.
As mentioned earlier in the chapter, what you see in the media can influence the way you might think about gender.
It's a sex reveal party which would sound scary to people.
Frogs and snails, And puppy-dogs’ tails; That's what little boys are made of.” “What are little girls made of?
I that's to me, more a signal.
It is its own little thing.
Killing norms, from my perspective, is kind of pointless, but this is still good.
They're just being fluid within the construct of gender, whereas gender queer is going to be complicating and undoing and perhaps tearing down the idea of gender.
People have died and gender reveals, and they have burned down , acres in gender reveal parties.
#KEEPAMERICAGREAT.” Colleen: So there are all kinds of interesting things happening there.
In nineteen ninety nine, another young girl told a coach the coach, she said, had told her he was a respected doctor, and she should trust him.
It is for those forgotten children who want education.
When we dismiss boys’ aggression as evidence of affection, as with “boys will be boys,” we sell all children short.
And it takes me and my friends who are here today on our school bus in two thousand and twelve.
Colleen: So we, we are always trying to have better understanding of how we move through the world in these gendered bodies.
Toxic masculinity relies on notions that boys are incapable of expressing themselves through means other than violence.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: Mhm, there always is.
Because this, you know, feminism isn't just about women.
Person  : Yeah Page  Colleen: And that’s it, not only that, he had to opt in, but also opting out wasn't even an option, right?
Additionally, Page  babies of child brides have a % higher mortality rate.
So it literally, it was a mask that he wore.
So, from the root we have baby.
If you benefit from privilege and you're not a bad person, you're not a bad.
Okay, from there we have sparkles.
We had a thirst for education because our future was right there, In that classroom.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: OK, so for me, that kind of makes sense.
I'm humbled that the Nobel Committee has selected me for this precious award.
Some say this wave began with Anita Hill testifying at Clarence Thomas’s appointment hearing that he had sexually harassed her—and the subsequent pillorying of her in the media (and the appointment of Justice Thomas).
But then, like, you know, they all look different.
And while some look different than the Harvey story, and we don't even have, like Quentin Tarantino on there, like we don't have any names that are on the like periphery of stories that we're not quite sure how to categorize those those stories yet.
So the plus just creates space for these things.
I thought I was fairly well educated on lots of different things, and I've never heard this term.
Like, it's not, it's not like, focused on gender.
So can you tell us why and how it hurts men and women.
How does this happen?
So intersex is the main term that I wanted to talk about there.
But there is, there seems to have become some strange connections between, not in my mind, but like, as if you're, you're brainwashing kids when you do that, Like, that's the line.
Programs throughout the world have helped support boys and men in conversations about gender so that they can, in turn, contribute to building gender equity in their communities.
In Watch Partners in Health video on YouTube - only audio is atmospheric music and environment noises, such a birds in the beginning.
So toxic masculinity is masculinity that is toxic.
So I'm going to accuse you.
• Does your campus have a Women’s/Gender/LGBTQ Resource Center?
And I think when, when I look Page  into my crystal ball, you know, ten, twenty years down the road, I want them at the decision-making tables.
I think we should all start using.
I'm not going to do a justice, but.
Man Speaking: So, well, on that note, we are running right up on our time, Colleen Clemens: Always, I'm always running up.
Let this be the last time that the girl is forced into early child marriage.
Tomorrow is the day of retribution, the day in which I will have my revenge against humanity against all of you.” And he also wrote this, like, two hundred page manifesto, which is horrifying.
I have created this issue.
So I'm going to give my friend here the option of picking a card.
Watch Introduction to Wangari Maathai on YouTube - closed captioned A Short Introduction to Wangari Maathai Page  The Green Belt Movement remains a force for environmental justice, even though Maathai died in .
So we're going to talk a little bit soon about gender constructs and what that means.
That is why so many men.
So the best language that I know to give this is from Michael Kimmel and his book, Angry White Men.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: And it's making me think so.
It is the story of many girls.
Jackson Women’s Health Organization, leaving each state to create its own set of abortion laws, which has led to confusion and anxiety for those seeking abortions in states that have less legal access to abortion.
So now we're going to get to the terminology about sexuality.
I'm thinking, oh, my God, Where Page  have I been?
But I'm just looking to see if there's anything on here.
The Mask You Live In also investigates the ways that gender norms affect boys and men in many facets of life, from parenting, partnering, and coming of age.
So, yes, Jeffrey, you asked about they, I would circle you back to the link because in that I talked a lot about singular day.
At the age of twelve, she was forced to get married.
So, and sometimes what others put upon you is wrong.
Morris D'Agostino: Toxic Masculinity” Transcript Jason: Welcome Amanda Morris and Colleen Lutz Clemens.
They are leaders that they do have value.
In studies on advertisements, researchers found Watch the short film on YouTube.
Amanda : So what are some of the cultural, again, cultural foundations.
We talk about that a lot, investing in girls.
Colleen Clemens: I can give you a definition.
And if you're a man, and if you've been assaulted, what are the chances that they're going to believe you?
OK, so the first one is from  Timothy : And the quote is, "but I suffer not a woman to teach nor to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence.” The second one is Ephesians :- “Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands as unto the Lord.” The third is  Corinthians :-.
But if my gender, like, if I really felt like what I move, what I want to move through the world as and my true identity is, is man or closer to what we think of as man or masculinity, then that would be a cross would just go across, see those little arrows.
C two three two four nine one six one.
But he said I hated killing animals, but I did it because all the other men did it.
Melissa: It’s not about my privileged position and the injustice that I experience.
Sugar and spice, And all that's nice; That's what little girls are made of.” Essentialist theories argue that biology or nature determine how one acts.
Colleen Clemens: This week, the talk around the table is about conflating the personal and the structural.
Amanda: This was so, oh, literally, like, wow.
Yeah, it is true.
In response to the reality faced by adolescent girls in developing nations around the world, the organization Girl Up raises funds to help girls gain access to education and health opportunities.
And they'll say it's frustrating and how pointless that word is, right, because these young adult men don’t even have the language yet for the emotion they feel.
I'm trying to think of, like, daily, like in your work environment.
A Note on Sexuality: Gender and Sexuality are NOT the same.
Even her brother was killed, but she did not succumb.
But I'm starting to see that in the sixties and seventies and eighties and that first and second wave toxic femininity.
He commented on what I was wearing, in terms of whether it made me more or less sexually attractive.
Be aware of your own wellbeing when working through the topics in this text.
When I spent all that time with teenagers, it was very clear to me how much people feel, like they have to posture.
Will it work like that?
Page  Colleen Clemens: I can't do anymore.
And then, like you said, fighting back against toxic masculinity from an early age, if you have sons, work on them.
Return to "He Does That Because He Likes You” Page  “Drs.
And I, and I think it made me think of my husband, we’ve been together twenty years, he’s a bit older and had a whole like before me.
All these things are connected, its, we want to live in a binary world.
Like we're talking about sexual assault.
So that's when I started getting so interested in this topic is, well, what is okay, so what is what is shared with these experiences?
About OER Open Educational Resources (OER) are instructional, learning and research materials, digital or non, that open-source and in the public domain or that are licensed so that users have free and perpetual permission to engage in the following activities: • Retain: the right to make, own, and control copies of the content • Reuse: the right to use the content in a wide range of ways • Revise: the right to adapt, adjust, modify, or alter the content itself • Remix: the right to combine the original or revised content with other open content to create something new • Redistribute: the right to share copies of the original content, revisions, and remixes with others.
They have the right to cajole or trick them, pick up artists or kill them.
Now this one just happened last week, which I thought was fabulous, right?
And I'm going to talk about each one and point out why that's important.
And I appreciate your support and your appreciation and definitely your solidarity and partnership.
Nothing exists in a vacuum.
Amanda: And let's be honest, when you have the president of the United States, a very high profile, probably the most high profile person in the, like, doing this kind of thing in a public for all to see.
And, but I think, you know, I'm certainly not talking about, like, romantic love.
Amanda Morris D’Agostino: through this basic primer on incels and why we should care and what the dangers are.
Our Century’s Greatest Injustice Page  Questions to Consider • How were gender roles defined in the early th century?
And if anybody would ever listen.
And we don't have conversations about how we can change things for the good, first of all of those boys, and then also for the rest of us that may be affected by that type of masculinity.
So the plus sign makes sense at the end of this.
A good example of this would be, you know, I'm walking down the hall and this happened to me and a boy would snap my bra and then I would tell on that person because that's completely inappropriate behavior and sexual harassment and be told, well, he's really doing that because he likes you.
The G is for gay.
And we need to go a step back really quickly and talk about the difference between gender and sex, because very quickly, when people hear the frame phrase toxic masculinity, people think you're saying men are bad.
We've constructed an idea of masculinity in the United States that doesn't give young boys a way to feel secure in their masculinity, so we make them go prove it all.
Some people think feminism is the most important set of beliefs while others think it is the most damaging.
Where Does Gender Come From?
But all of a sudden I'm seeing a bunch of raised hands.
This way we can recognize spaces from which we come from power and those spaces in which we are marginalized.
Person  : Speaking of language, a few years ago, this became a really popular term.
Questions to Consider • How are environmentalism and feminism connected?
She decided not to pursue any kind of charges because she was too embarrassed to Page  share the details.
One organization working to do just that is Reel Grrls.
Someone is transgender when they say they are transgender.
That was his last remark about the possibility of our going out or reference to his behavior.
The Green Belt Movement In , Wangari Maathai started the Green Belt Movement in Nairobi, Kenya.
I reluctantly agreed to accept that invitation, but only if it was at the very end of a working day.
We're not going to solve all of it, but if we start talking about it differently.
And I saw that person all the time and would have never had an inkling of it.
We wanted to make our parents proud and prove that we could also extend our studies and achieve those goals, which some people think only boys can.
Previously, she earned her M.Ed.
That's why I gave you a small card.
We talked about the work I had done, both at education and at the EEOC.
And so I'm going to, like in Santa Monica or in Canada, mow down women because all women are the enemy.
So this is how I knew my student was coming out as something because I knew it had colors, right.
It's not about, the tsunami is not just going to happen, little moves, little glass moves that each of us made.
I talk a lot about pronouns.
We have a lot of work ahead, but we can begin one phrase at a time.
And we will get there.
In July of , I left Washington DC area, and I've had minimal contacts with judge Clarence Thomas since.
When Amanda was talking about the more egregious things, the reason I had tweeted that toxic masculinity is killing us all is because I think all of us are bystanders to this kind of violence.
And this is not, by the way, the entire list of men who have been accused of sexual misconduct.
Her story is why I dedicate the Nobel Prize money to the Malala Fund to help give girls quality education everywhere, anywhere in the world and to raise their voices.
Here are some ways that I try to ensure students know that their safety is my priority as they begin this journey with me: • I do a short pronoun survey on the first day of class.
